## Page 1 ### Table (Page 1) | TravelConnect services: Access to emergency medical assistance for |
| --- |
| you and your family when you re on a trip 100 or more miles from |
| home. |
| | Packers Services, LLC dba Allamon Tool Basic life/AD&D insurance 6448858 1 What is it? Life and accidental death and dismemberment (AD&D) insurance provide cash benefits in the unfortunate event that you or a covered family member passes away or suffers a traumatic injury. Why is this coverage valuable? Life and AD&D insurance can offer reassurance that you, or the people you love, will have access to money to help cover expenses during a challenging time. Your life insurance and AD&D coverage Eligibility description All Full-Time Employees Contribution Your employer pays the cost of your coverage Employee life coverage amount $50,000 AD&D Plus coverage amount Your enhanced AD&D coverage is equal to the life benefit amount. Benefit reductions Employee: 35% reduction at age 65, and an additional 15% reduction of the original amount at age 70 Benefits end when you retire. Conversion: Allows you to continue coverage after your group plan has terminated. Yes, with restrictions. See certificate of benefits. LifeKeys services: Access to counseling, financial, and legal support services. Included TravelConnect services: Access to emergency medical assistance for you and your family when you re on a trip 100 or more miles from home. Included ## Page 2 Basic life/AD&D insurance 2 Benefit exclusions Like any insurance, this life and AD&D insurance policy does have exclusions. For life insurance, a suicide exclusion may apply. For AD&D, benefits won t be paid if death/dismemberment occurs as the result of: War, declared or undeclared, or any act of war Intentionally self-inflicted injuries, while sane or insane Suicide, or suicide attempt, while sane or insane Active participation in a riot Committing or attempting to commit a felony Disease, bodily or mental illness, or medical or surgical treatment thereof Infections Controlled substances voluntarily taken, ingested, or injected, unless prescribed or administered by a physician Serving on full-time active duty in the armed forces of any country or international authority The presence of alcohol in the covered person s blood, which raises the presumption that the covered person was under the influence of alcohol and contributed to the cause of the accident This is an incomplete list of benefit exclusions. A complete list is included in the policy. State variations apply. ## Page 3 Basic life/AD&D insurance 3 2024 Lincoln National Corporation LincolnFinancial.com Lincoln Financial is the marketing name for Lincoln National Corporation and its affiliates. Affiliates are separately responsible for their own financial and contractual obligations. LCN-6448858-030124 PDF 5/24 Z01 Order code: GP-LADEP-FLI001 Reminder: Please review your beneficiary(ies) to ensure they re up to date. It s good practice to review, and if necessary, update your beneficiary(ies) annually. This is not intended as a complete description of the insurance coverage offered. Controlling provisions are provided in the policy, and this summary does not modify those provisions or the insurance in any way. This is not a binding contract. A certificate of coverage will be made available to you that describes the benefits in greater detail. Refer to your certificate for your maximum benefit amounts. Should there be a difference between this summary and the policy, the policy will govern. LifeKeys services are provided by ComPsych Corporation, Chicago, IL. ComPsych is not a Lincoln Financial company. Coverage is subject to actual contract language. Each independent company is solely responsible for its own obligations (except in Vermont). State limitations apply. Beneficiary grief counseling is the only benefit available to a beneficiary(ies) of policies issued in the state of New York. Online will prep is the only benefit available to insured employees and dependents of policies issued in the state of Washington. TravelConnect services are provided by On Call International, Salem, NH. On Call International is not a Lincoln Financial company and Lincoln Financial does not administer these services. Each independent company is solely responsible for its own obligations. On Call International must coordinate and provide all arrangements in order for eligible services to be covered. Coverage is subject to contract language that contains specific terms, conditions, and limitations, which can be found in the program description. The TravelConnect program is not available to insured employees and dependents of policies issued in the state of New York and Washington. Access only program available to insured employees and dependents of policies issued in the state of Missouri and Texas. Benefits provided under the Access only program exclude payment for paid services. Not available in New York and Washington. Insurance products are issued by The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, Fort Wayne, IN, which does not solicit business in New York, nor is it licensed to do so. In New York, insurance products are issued by Lincoln Life & Annuity Company of New York, Syracuse, NY. Both are Lincoln Financial companies. Product availability and/or features may vary by state. Limitations and exclusions apply.