## Page 1 ### Table (Page 1) | | Benefit Amount | Maximum | Guaranteed Issue Amount |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Employee | $25,000 | $25,000 | $25,000 | Offered by Life Insurance Company of North America Employer-Paid Term Life Insurance Summary of Benefits
Prepared for: Disher Corp.
Class 1
Eligibility:
All active, Employees of the Employer regularly working a minimum of 20 hours per week in the United States, who
are citizens or permanent resident aliens of the United States, excluding those classified as DEN employees.
Employee: You will be eligible for coverage immediately. Available Coverage: Benefit Amount
Maximum
Guaranteed Issue Amount
Employee
$25,000
$25,000
$25,000 Additional Features:
Extended Death Benefit with Waiver of Premium Life insurance for you and your dependents can be continued
for up to 12 months while you are disabled or receiving benefits under your employer's disability plan. If you
become totally disabled before reaching age 60, life insurance for you and your dependents can be continued,
without payment of premium, until Social Security Normal Retirement Age, subject to proof of disability (inability
to work in any occupation).
Accelerated Death Benefit Terminal Illness If two unaffiliated doctors diagnose you as terminally ill while the
coverage is active, with a life expectancy of 12 months or less, the benefit for Terminal Illness provides up to:
Employee: 75% of your Term Life Insurance coverage amount or $18,750, whichever is less. Conversion To convert, you must apply for the conversion policy and pay the first premium payment within 31
days after your group coverage ends. Important Definitions and Policy Provisions:
When Your Coverage Begins and Ends Coverage becomes effective on the later of the program s effective
date, the date you become eligible, the date your enrollment elections are received if applicable, or the date you
authorize any necessary payroll deductions if applicable. Your coverage will not begin unless you are actively at
work on the effective date. Dependent coverage, if applicable, will not begin for any spouse or child who on the
effective date is an inpatient in a facility or is home confined and under the care of a physician. Coverage will end
on the earliest of the date you are eligible for coverage under a plan intended to replace this coverage, you or your
dependents if applicable, are no longer eligible, the group policy is no longer in force, or required premiums are not
paid. Benefit Reductions, Exclusions and Limitations:
Benefit Reduction Schedule: If you are still employed, your benefits will reduce to 65% at age 70 and 50% at age
75. Your premiums will also reduce to match your benefits.
Limitations: The Accelerated Death Benefit is payable only once. Using this benefit reduces the life insurance
death benefit. The amount payable under the Accelerated Death Benefit may be reduced by the amount of other
benefits already paid to the insured under the policy. See your certificate for details. Benefits will be extended
without premium payment until the earlier of the date you are no longer disabled, or the date you fail to qualify for
Waiver of Premium or fail to provide proof of Disability. THIS POLICY PROVIDES LIMITED COVERAGE. IT PAYS A FIXED BENEFIT AND DOES NOT COVER MEDICAL
EXPENSES AS INCURRED. THIS IS NOT A SUBSTITUTE FOR COMPREHENSIVE OR MAJOR MEDICAL HEALTH ## Page 2 INSURANCE. THIS COVERAGE DOES NOT SATISFY THE INDIVIDUAL MANDATE OF THE AFFORDABLE CARE
ACT BECAUSE THE COVERAGE DOES NOT MEET THE REQUIREMENTS OF MINIMUM ESSENTIAL COVERAGE. Terms and conditions of coverage for Term Life insurance are set forth in Group Policy No. SGM0613204. This
is not intended as a complete description of the insurance coverage offered. This is not a contract. Complete
coverage details, including premiums, eligible conditions, their respective payments and policy exclusions and
limitations are contained in the Policy. Please see your Plan Sponsor to obtain a copy of the Policy. If there are any
differences between this summary and the group policy, the information in the group policy takes precedence.
Product availability, costs, benefits, riders, covered conditions and/or features may vary by state. Please keep
this material as a reference. Insurance coverage is issued on group policy form number: Policy Form TL-004700.
Coverage is underwritten by Life Insurance Company of North America, 51 Madison Avenue New York, NY 10010. Group insurance products are insured by Life Insurance Company of North America and New York Life Group
Insurance Company of NY, affiliates of New York Life Insurance Company. 2025 New York Life Group Insurance
Company, New York, NY. All Rights Reserved. NEW YORK LIFE and the New York Life box logo are trademarks of
New York Life Insurance Company. Created on 03/2025