## Page 1 1 l
Earnings definition: Your covered salary excludes bonuses and commissions. UNDERSTANDING YOUR BENEFITS DISABILITY (Some information may vary by state) 30
Minimum work hours/week: Minimum number of hours you must
regularly work each week to be eligible for coverage. Day 8
Illness benefits begin: The length of time you must be disabled
before benefits begin. before benefits begin. receive disability benefits. . Short-Term Disability Benefit Summary What Your Benefits Cover: Coverage amount
60% of salary to maximum $1000/week Maximum payment period: Maximum length of time you can
26 weeks Day 8
Accident benefits begin: The length of time you must be disabled Non-Contributory Short-Term Disability The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America, New York, NY ## Page 2 2 Contract #.s GP-1-STD94-1.0 et al; GP-1-STD2K-1.0 et al; ,
GP-1-STD07-1.0 et al. n
If this plan is transferred from another insurance carrier, the time an
insured is covered under that plan will count toward satisfying Guardian's
pre-existing condition limitation period. State variations may apply. n
This policy provides disability income insurance only. It does not provide
"basic hospital", "basic medical", or "medical" insurance as defined by the
New York State Insurance Department. but not limited to the operation of a motor vehicle, and for the voluntary
use of any poison, chemical, prescription or non-prescription drug or
controlled substance unless it has been prescribed by a doctor and is used
as prescribed. We limit the duration of payments for long term disabilities
caused by mental or emotional conditions, or alcohol or drug abuse. We
do not pay benefits during any period in which a covered person is confined
to a correctional facility, an employee is not under the care of a doctor, an
employee is receiving treatment outside of the US or Canada, and the
employee s loss of earnings is not solely due to disability. n
We do not pay benefits for charges relating to a covered person: taking
part in any war or act of war (including service in the armed forces)
committing a felony or taking part in any riot or other civil disorder or
intentionally injuring themselves or attempting suicide while sane or insane.
We do not pay benefits for charges relating to legal intoxication, including n
For Short-Term Disability coverage, benefits for a disability caused or
contributed to by a pre-existing condition are limited, unless the disability
starts after you have been insured under this plan for a specified period of
time. We do not pay short term disability benefits for any job-related or
on-the-job injury, or conditions for which Workers' Compensation benefits
are payable. n
Employees must be legally working in the United States in order to be
eligible for coverage. Underwriting must approve coverage for employees
on temporary assignment: (a) exceeding one year; or (b) in an area under
travel warning by the US Department of State. Subject to state specific
variations. specific waiting period. n
You must be working full-time on the effective date of your coverage;
otherwise, your coverage becomes effective after you have completed a of coverage for full plan description. n
Evidence of Insurability is required on all late enrollees. This coverage will
not be effective until approved by a Guardian underwriter. This proposal is
hedged subject to satisfactory financial evaluation. Please refer to certificate ### A SUMMARY OF DISABILITY PLAN LIMITATIONS
AND EXCLUSIONS This document is a summary of the major features of the referenced insurance coverage. It is intended for illustrative purposes only and does not constitute a contract. The insurance plan documents, including the policy and certificate, comprise the contract for coverage. The full plan description, including the
benefits and all terms, limitations and exclusions that apply will be contained in your insurance certificate. The plan documents are the final arbiter of coverage. Coverage terms may vary by state and actual sold plan. The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America, New York, NY n Your Gross Weekly or Monthly Benefit may be reduced by Other Income Benefits, including any State Mandated Disability (SMD) or Paid Family & Medical Leave (PFML).