## Page 1 1 Yes
Premium waived if disabled: Premium will not need to be paid
when you are receiving benefits. 3 months look back; 12 months after exclusion Pre-existing conditions: A pre-existing condition includes any
condition/symptom for which you, in the specified time period prior
to coverage in this plan, consulted with a physician, received
treatment, or took prescribed drugs. 30
Minimum work hours/week: Minimum number of hours you must
regularly work each week to be eligible for coverage. We Guarantee Issue $6000 in coverage Guarantee Issue: The guarantee means you are not required to
answer health questions to qualify for coverage up to and including
the specified amount, when applicant signs up for coverage during the
initial enrollment period. Day 181
Illness benefits begin: The length of time you must be disabled
before benefits begin. Day 181
Accident benefits begin: The length of time you must be disabled
before benefits begin. Social Security Normal Retirement Age
Maximum payment period: Maximum length of time you can
receive disability benefits. . Long-Term Disability Benefit Summary What Your Benefits Cover: Coverage amount
60% of salary to maximum $10000/month Non-Contributory Long-Term Disability The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America, New York, NY ## Page 2 2 Contract #.s GP-1-LTD94-A,B,C-1.0 et al.; GP-1-LTD2K-1.0 et al;
GP-1-LTD07-1.0 et al. n
If this plan is transferred from another insurance carrier, the time an
insured is covered under that plan will count toward satisfying Guardian's
pre-existing condition limitation period. State variations may apply. n
This policy provides disability income insurance only. It does not provide
"basic hospital", "basic medical", or "medical" insurance as defined by the
New York State Insurance Department. use of any poison, chemical, prescription or non-prescription drug or
controlled substance unless it has been prescribed by a doctor and is used
as prescribed. We limit the duration of payments for long term disabilities
caused by mental or emotional conditions, or alcohol or drug abuse. We
do not pay benefits during any period in which a covered person is confined
to a correctional facility, an employee is not under the care of a doctor, an
employee is receiving treatment outside of the US or Canada, and the
employee s loss of earnings is not solely due to disability. n
We do not pay benefits for charges relating to a covered person: taking
part in any war or act of war (including service in the armed forces)
committing a felony or taking part in any riot or other civil disorder or
intentionally injuring themselves or attempting suicide while sane or insane.
We do not pay benefits for charges relating to legal intoxication, including
but not limited to the operation of a motor vehicle, and for the voluntary n
For Long-Term Disability coverage, we pay no benefits for a disability
caused or contributed to by a pre-existing condition unless the disability
starts after you have been insured under this plan for a specified period of
time. We limit the duration of payments for long term disabilities caused by
mental or emotional conditions, or alcohol or drug abuse. n
Employees must be legally working in the United States in order to be
eligible for coverage. Underwriting must approve coverage for employees
on temporary assignment: (a) exceeding one year; or (b) in an area under
travel warning by the US Department of State. Subject to state specific
variations. specific waiting period. n
You must be working full-time on the effective date of your coverage;
otherwise, your coverage becomes effective after you have completed a of coverage for full plan description. n
Evidence of Insurability is required on all late enrollees. This coverage will
not be effective until approved by a Guardian underwriter. This proposal is
hedged subject to satisfactory financial evaluation. Please refer to certificate ### A SUMMARY OF DISABILITY PLAN LIMITATIONS
AND EXCLUSIONS l
Work incentive: Plan benefit will not be reduced for a specified amount of months so that you have part-time earnings while
you remain disabled, unless the combined benefit and earnings exceed 100% of your previous earnings. l
Special limitations: Provides a 24-month benefit limit for specific conditions including mental health and substance abuse.
Other conditions such as chronic fatigue are also included in this limitation. Refer to contract for details. l
Disability (long-term): For first two years of disability, you will receive benefit payments while you are unable to work in
your own occupation. After two years, you will continue to receive benefits if you cannot work in any occupation based on
training, experience and education. UNDERSTANDING YOUR BENEFITS DISABILITY (Some information may vary by state) l
Earnings definition: Your covered salary excludes bonuses and commissions. The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America, New York, NY This document is a summary of the major features of the referenced insurance coverage. It is intended for illustrative purposes only and does not constitute a contract. The insurance plan documents, including the policy and certificate, comprise the contract for coverage. The full plan description, including the
benefits and all terms, limitations and exclusions that apply will be contained in your insurance certificate. The plan documents are the final arbiter of coverage. Coverage terms may vary by state and actual sold plan. n Your Gross Weekly or Monthly Benefit may be reduced by Other Income Benefits, including any State Mandated Disability (SMD) or Paid Family & Medical Leave (PFML).