## Page 1 ### A53444 (1/25) 1 Summary of Benefits Group Plan HMO Plan Bronze Access+ HMO 7000/70 OffEx This Summary of Benefits shows the amount you will pay for Covered Services under this Blue Shield of California Plan. It is only a summary and it is included as part of the Evidence of Coverage (EOC).1 Please read both documents carefully for details. Medical Provider Network: Access+ HMO Network This Plan uses a specific network of Health Care Providers, called the Access+ HMO provider network. Medical Groups, Independent Practice Associations (IPAs), and Physicians in this network are called Participating Providers. You must select a Primary Care Physician from this network to provide your primary care and help you access services, but there are some exceptions. Please review your Evidence of Coverage for details about how to access care under this Plan. You can find Participating Providers in this network at blueshieldca.com. Pharmacy Network: Rx Ultra Drug Formulary: Standard Formulary Calendar Year Deductibles (CYD)2 A Calendar Year Deductible (CYD) is the amount a Member pays each Calendar Year before Blue Shield pays for Covered Services under the Plan. Blue Shield pays for some Covered Services before the Calendar Year Deductible is met, as noted in the Benefits chart below. When using a Participating Provider3 Calendar Year medical and pharmacy Deductible Individual coverage $7,000 This Plan combines medical and pharmacy Deductibles into one Calendar Year Deductible Family coverage $7,000: individual $14,000: Family Calendar Year Out-of-Pocket Maximum4 An Out-of-Pocket Maximum is the most a Member will pay for Covered Services each Calendar Year. Any exceptions are listed in the EOC. No Annual or Lifetime Dollar Limit When using a Participating Provider3 Under this Plan there is no annual or lifetime dollar limit on the amount Blue Shield will pay for Covered Services. Individual coverage $8,850 Family coverage $8,850: individual $17,700: Family Blue Shield of California is an independent member of the Blue Shield Association ## Page 2 2 Benefits5 Your payment When using a Participating Provider3 CYD2 applies Preventive Health Services6 Preventive Health Services $0 California Prenatal Screening Program $0 Physician services Primary care office visit $70/visit Access+ specialist care office visit (self-referral) $80/visit Other specialist care office visit (referred by PCP) $80/visit Physician home visit $70/visit Physician or surgeon services in an Outpatient Facility $150/visit Physician or surgeon services in an inpatient facility 50% Other professional services Other practitioner office visit $70/visit Includes nurse practitioners, physician assistants, therapists, and podiatrists. Acupuncture services $15/visit Chiropractic services $15/visit Up to 20 visits per Member, per Calendar Year. Teladoc consultation $0 Family planning Counseling, consulting, and education $0 Injectable contraceptive, diaphragm fitting, intrauterine device (IUD), implantable contraceptive, and related procedure. $0 Tubal ligation $0 Vasectomy $0 Medical nutrition therapy, not related to diabetes $150/visit Pregnancy and maternity care Physician office visits: prenatal and initial postnatal $0 Abortion and abortion-related services $0 ## Page 3 3 Benefits5 Your payment When using a Participating Provider3 CYD2 applies Emergency Services Emergency room services 50% If admitted to the Hospital, this payment for emergency room services does not apply. Instead, you pay the Participating Provider payment under Inpatient facility services/ Hospital services and stay. Emergency room Physician services 50% Urgent care center services $70/visit Ambulance services 50% This payment is for emergency or authorized transport. Outpatient Facility services Ambulatory Surgery Center 50% Outpatient Department of a Hospital: surgery 50% Outpatient Department of a Hospital: treatment of illness or injury, radiation therapy, chemotherapy, and necessary supplies 50% Inpatient facility services Hospital services and stay 50% Transplant services This payment is for all covered transplants except tissue and kidney. For tissue and kidney transplant services, the payment for Inpatient facility services/ Hospital services and stay applies. Special transplant facility inpatient services 50% Physician inpatient services 50% Diagnostic x-ray, imaging, pathology, and laboratory services This payment is for Covered Services that are diagnostic, non-
Preventive Health Services, and diagnostic radiological procedures. For the payments for Covered Services that are considered Preventive Health Services, see Preventive Health Services. Laboratory and pathology services Includes diagnostic Papanicolaou (Pap) test. Laboratory center $65/visit Outpatient Department of a Hospital $65/visit Basic imaging services Includes plain film X-rays, ultrasounds, and diagnostic mammography. Outpatient radiology center $115/visit Outpatient Department of a Hospital $115/visit ## Page 4 4 Benefits5 Your payment When using a Participating Provider3 CYD2 applies Other outpatient non-invasive diagnostic testing Testing to diagnose illness or injury such as vestibular function tests, EKG, cardiac monitoring, non-invasive vascular studies, sleep medicine testing, muscle and range of motion tests, EEG, and EMG. Office location $115/visit Outpatient Department of a Hospital $115/visit Advanced imaging services Includes diagnostic radiological and nuclear imaging such as CT scans, MRIs, MRAs, and PET scans. Outpatient radiology center $400/visit Outpatient Department of a Hospital $400/visit Rehabilitative and Habilitative Services Includes Physical Therapy, Occupational Therapy, Respiratory Therapy, and Speech Therapy services. There is no visit limit for Rehabilitative or Habilitative Services. Office location $70/visit Outpatient Department of a Hospital $70/visit Durable medical equipment (DME) ### DME 50% Breast pump $0 Orthotic equipment and devices 50% Prosthetic equipment and devices 50% Home health care services 50% Up to 100 visits per Member, per Calendar Year, by a home health care agency. All visits count towards the limit, including visits during any applicable Deductible period. Includes home visits by a nurse, Home Health Aide, medical social worker, physical therapist, speech therapist, or occupational therapist, and medical supplies. Home infusion and home injectable therapy services Home infusion agency services 50% Includes home infusion drugs, medical supplies, and visits by a nurse. Hemophilia home infusion services 50% Includes blood factor products. ## Page 5 5 Benefits5 Your payment When using a Participating Provider3 CYD2 applies Skilled Nursing Facility (SNF) services Up to 100 days per Member, per benefit period, except when provided as part of a Hospice program. All days count towards the limit, including days during any applicable Deductible period and days in different SNFs during the Calendar Year. Freestanding SNF 50% Hospital-based SNF 50% Hospice program services $0 Includes pre-Hospice consultation, routine home care, 24-hour continuous home care, short-term inpatient care for pain and symptom management, and inpatient respite care. Other services and supplies Diabetes care services Devices, equipment, and supplies 50% Self-management training $0 Medical nutrition therapy $0 Dialysis services 50% PKU product formulas and special food products $0 Allergy serum billed separately from an office visit 50% Mental Health and Substance Use Disorder Benefits Your payment Mental health and substance use disorder Benefits are provided through Blue Shield's Mental Health Service Administrator (MHSA). When using a MHSA Participating Provider3 CYD2 applies Outpatient services Office visit, including Physician office visit $70/visit Teladoc mental health $0 Other outpatient services, including intensive outpatient care, electroconvulsive therapy, transcranial magnetic stimulation, Behavioral Health Treatment for pervasive developmental disorder or autism in an office setting, home, or other non-institutional facility setting, and office-based opioid treatment $150/visit Partial Hospitalization Program $150/visit Psychological Testing $150/visit Inpatient services Physician inpatient services 50% Hospital services 50% Residential Care 50% ## Page 6 6 Prescription Drug Benefits7,8 Your payment When using a Participating Pharmacy3 CYD2 applies Retail pharmacy prescription Drugs Per prescription, up to a 30-day supply. Contraceptive Drugs and devices $0 Tier 1 Drugs $25/prescription Tier 2 Drugs $115/prescription Tier 3 Drugs $160/prescription Tier 4 Drugs 50% up to $500/prescription Retail pharmacy prescription Drugs Per prescription, for a 90-day supply. Contraceptive Drugs and devices $0 Tier 1 Drugs $75/prescription Tier 2 Drugs $345/prescription Tier 3 Drugs $480/prescription Tier 4 Drugs 50% up to $1,500/prescription Mail service pharmacy prescription Drugs Per prescription, for a 31-90-day supply. Contraceptive Drugs and devices $0 Tier 1 Drugs $50/prescription Tier 2 Drugs $230/prescription Tier 3 Drugs $320/prescription Tier 4 Drugs 50% up to $1,000/prescription Pediatric Benefits Your payment Pediatric Benefits are available through the end of the month in which the Member turns 19. When using a Participating Dentist3 CYD2 applies Pediatric dental9 Diagnostic and preventive services Oral exam $0 Preventive cleaning $0 Preventive x-ray $0 Sealants per tooth $0 Topical fluoride application $0 Space maintainers - fixed $0 Basic services Restorative procedures 20% Periodontal maintenance 20% ## Page 7 7 Pediatric Benefits Your payment Pediatric Benefits are available through the end of the month in which the Member turns 19. When using a Participating Dentist3 CYD2 applies Adjunctive general services 20% Major services Oral surgery 50% Endodontics 50% Periodontics (other than maintenance) 50% Crowns and casts 50% Prosthodontics 50% Orthodontics (Medically Necessary) 50% Pediatric Benefits Your payment Pediatric Benefits are available through the end of the month in which the Member turns 19. When using a Participating Provider3 CYD2 applies Pediatric vision10 Comprehensive eye examination One exam per Calendar Year. Ophthalmologic visit $0 Optometric visit $0 Contact lens fitting and evaluation When you choose contact lenses instead of eyeglasses, one per Member every 12 months by a Participating Provider if administered at the same time as the comprehensive exam. There is a maximum of two follow up visits. Standard lenses $0 Non-standard lenses All charges above $60 Eyewear/materials One eyeglass frame and eyeglass lenses, or contact lenses instead of eyeglasses, up to the Benefit per Calendar Year. Any exceptions are noted below. Contact lenses Non-elective (Medically Necessary) - hard or soft $0 Up to two pairs per eye per Calendar Year. Elective (cosmetic/convenience) Standard and non-standard, hard $0 Up to a 3 month supply for each eye per Calendar Year based on lenses selected. Standard and non-standard, soft $0 Up to a 6 month supply for each eye per Calendar Year based on lenses selected. ## Page 8 8 Pediatric Benefits Your payment Pediatric Benefits are available through the end of the month in which the Member turns 19. When using a Participating Provider3 CYD2 applies Eyeglass frames Collection frames $0 Non-collection frames All charges above $150 Eyeglass lenses Lenses include choice of glass or plastic lenses, all lens powers (single vision, bifocal, trifocal, lenticular), fashion or gradient tint, scratch coating, oversized, and glass-grey #3 prescription sunglasses. Single vision $0 Lined bifocal $0 Lined trifocal $0 Lenticular $0 Optional eyeglass lenses and treatments Ultraviolet protective coating (standard only) $0 Polycarbonate lenses $0 Standard progressive lenses $55 Premium progressive lenses $95 Anti-reflective lens coating (standard only) $35 Photochromic - glass lenses $25 Photochromic - plastic lenses $25 High index lenses $30 Polarized lenses $45 Low vision testing and equipment Comprehensive low vision exam 35% Once every 5 Calendar Years. Low vision devices 35% One aid per Calendar Year. Notes 1 Evidence of Coverage (EOC): The Evidence of Coverage (EOC) describes the Benefits, limitations, and exclusions that apply to coverage under this Plan. Please review the EOC for more details of coverage outlined in this Summary of Benefits. You can request a copy of the EOC at any time. Capitalized terms are defined in the EOC. Refer to the EOC for an explanation of the terms used in this Summary of Benefits. ## Page 9 9 Notes 2 Calendar Year Deductible (CYD): Calendar Year Deductible explained. A Calendar Year Deductible is the amount you pay each Calendar Year before Blue Shield pays for Covered Services under the Plan. If this Plan has any Calendar Year Deductible(s), Covered Services subject to that Deductible are identified with a check mark ( ) in the Benefits chart above. Covered Services not subject to the Calendar Year combined medical and pharmacy Deductible. Some Covered Services received from Participating Providers are paid by Blue Shield before you meet any Calendar Year combined medical and pharmacy Deductible. These Covered Services do not have a check mark ( ) next to them in the CYD applies column in the Benefits chart above. Family coverage has an individual Deductible within the Family Deductible. This means that the Deductible will be met for an individual with Family coverage who meets the individual Deductible prior to the Family meeting the Family Deductible within a Calendar Year. Any amount you have paid toward the individual Deductible will be applied to both the individual Deductible and the Family Deductible. 3 Using Participating Providers: Participating Providers have a contract to provide health care services to Members. When you receive Covered Services from a Participating Provider, you are only responsible for the Copayment or Coinsurance, once any Calendar Year Deductible has been met. Teladoc. Teladoc mental health and substance use disorder consultations are provided through Teladoc. These services are not administered by Blue Shield's Mental Health Service Administrator (MHSA). 4 Calendar Year Out-of-Pocket Maximum (OOPM): Calendar Year Out-of-Pocket Maximum explained. The Out-of-Pocket Maximum is the most you are required to pay for Covered Services in a Calendar Year. Once you reach your Out-of-Pocket Maximum, Blue Shield will pay 100% of the Allowed Charges for Covered Services for the rest of the Calendar Year. Your payment after you reach the Calendar Year OOPM. You will continue to pay all charges for services that are not covered, charges above the Allowed Charges, and charges for services above any Benefit maximum. Any Deductibles count towards the OOPM. Any amounts you pay that count towards the Calendar Year combined medical and pharmacy Deductible also count towards the Calendar Year Out-of-Pocket Maximum. Family coverage has an individual OOPM within the Family OOPM. This means that the OOPM will be met for an individual with Family coverage who meets the individual OOPM prior to the Family meeting the Family OOPM within a Calendar Year. Any amount you have paid toward the individual OOPM will be applied to both the individual OOPM and the Family OOPM. 5 Separate Member Payments When Multiple Covered Services are Received: Each time you receive multiple Covered Services, you might have separate payments (Copayment or Coinsurance) for each service. When this happens, you may be responsible for multiple Copayments or Coinsurance. For example, you may owe an office visit payment in addition to an allergy serum payment when you visit the doctor for an allergy shot. 6 Preventive Health Services: If you only receive Preventive Health Services during a Physician office visit, there is no Copayment or Coinsurance for the visit. If you receive both Preventive Health Services and other Covered Services during the Physician office visit, you may have a Copayment or Coinsurance for the visit. ## Page 10 10 Notes 7 Outpatient Prescription Drug Coverage: Medicare Part D-non-creditable coverage- This Plan s prescription drug coverage provides less coverage on average than the standard benefit set by the federal government for Medicare Part D (also called non-creditable coverage). It is important to know that generally you may only enroll in a Part D plan when you are initially eligible for Medicare, and from October 15th through December 7th of each subsequent year. You may also be eligible for a special enrollment period with Medicare when you lose creditable coverage. If you do not enroll in Medicare Part D when first eligible, you may be subject to payment of higher Part D premiums when you do enroll at a later date. For more information about this drug coverage, call the Customer Services telephone number on your Member identification card, Monday through Thursday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., or Friday 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. 8 Outpatient Prescription Drug Coverage: Brand Drug coverage when a Generic or Biosimilar Drug is available. If you, the Physician, or Health Care Provider, select a Brand Drug when a Generic Drug equivalent or Biosimilar Drug is available, you are responsible for the difference between the cost to Blue Shield for the Brand Drug and its Generic Drug equivalent or Biosimilar Drug plus the applicable tier Copayment or Coinsurance of the Brand Drug. This difference in cost will not count towards any Calendar Year pharmacy Deductible, medical Deductible, or the Calendar Year Out-of-Pocket Maximum. See the Obtaining outpatient prescription Drugs at a Participating Pharmacy section of the EOC for more information about how a brand contraceptive may be covered without a Copayment or Coinsurance. Request for Medical Necessity Review. If you or your Physician believes a Brand Drug is Medically Necessary, either person may request a Medical Necessity Review. If approved, the Brand Drug will be covered at the applicable Drug tier Copayment or Coinsurance. Short-Cycle Specialty Drug program. This program allows initial prescriptions for select Specialty Drugs to be filled for a 15-day supply with your approval. When this occurs, the Copayment or Coinsurance will be pro-rated. Specialty Drugs. Specialty Drugs are only available from a Network Specialty Pharmacy, up to a 30-day supply. Oral Anticancer Drugs. You pay up to $250 for oral Anticancer Drugs from a Participating Pharmacy, up to a 30-day supply. Oral Anticancer Drugs from a Participating Pharmacy are not subject to any Deductible. Retail pharmacy. You may receive up to a 90-day supply for maintenance Drugs at a Participating Pharmacy when you pay the applicable Copayment or Coinsurance for each 30-day supply. Mail service Drugs. You pay the applicable 30-day retail pharmacy Copayment or Coinsurance for a 30-day supply or less from the mail service pharmacy. 9 Pediatric Dental Coverage: Pediatric dental Benefits are provided through Blue Shield s Dental Plan Administrator (DPA). Orthodontic Covered Services. The Copayment or Coinsurance for Medically Necessary orthodontic Covered Services applies to a course of treatment even if it extends beyond a Calendar Year. This applies as long as the Member remains enrolled in the Plan. This plan is compliant with requirements of the pediatric dental EHB benchmark plan, including coverage of services in circumstances of Medical Necessity as defined in the Early Periodic Screening, Diagnosis and Treatment (EPSDT) benefit. 10 Pediatric Vision Coverage: Pediatric vision Benefits are provided through Blue Shield s Vision Plan Administrator (VPA). Coverage for frames. If frames are selected that are more expensive than the Allowable Amount established for frames under this Benefit, you pay the difference between the Allowable Amount and the provider s charge. Collection frames are covered with no Member payment from Participating Providers. Retail chain Participating Providers do not usually display the frames as collection, but a comparable selection of frames is maintained.