## Page 1 ### Table (Page 1) | Eligibility |
| --- |
| Eligibleemployees |
| Benefitspayable |
| Primaryweeklybenefit |
| Benefitamount |
| Eliminationperiod |
| Benefitpaymentperiod |
| Maternity |
| Limitations&exclusions |
| Pre-existingconditions |
| Otherlimitations | Policyholder: Lake Bowen Dental Studio Group voluntary short-term disability insurance
Benefit summary for all members Effective date: 01/01/2026 Insurance issued by Principal Life Insurance Company, 711 High Street, Des Moines, IA 50392 GP62506-10
11212510935 - 1 Page 1 of 3
10/2025 Eligibility Eligible employees
All active, full-time employees working at least 30 hours a week Benefits payable Primary weekly benefit
60% of your earnings up to $1,000 Benefit amount
Your primary weekly benefit minus other income sources Elimination period
Benefits begin on the 15th day for accidents and 15th day for sickness Benefit payment period
Up to 11 weeks Maternity
Pregnancy and childbirth are treated the same as any other disability Limitations & exclusions Pre-existing conditions
3 months prior / 12 months insured Other limitations
A complete list is included in your booklet What's available to me? Help protect one of your most valuable assets - the ability to earn an income. If you're temporarily disabled
and can't work for a short amount of time, you can rely on short-term disability insurance to replace a portion
of your weekly income. Your primary weekly benefit is 60% of your earnings prior to your disability up to $1,000 minus other income
sources. Other income sources could include but aren't limited to Social Security, other earnings,worker's
compensation and state disability (if applicable), income from Paid Family and/or Medical Leave, and salary
continuance. Your benefits are determined by your base wage. This is your definition of earnings and is outlined further in
the booklet you'll receive following enrollment. Compensation for business owners covers business profits plus salaries averaged over the prior two years. Who can buy coverage? You may buy coverage if you're an active, full-time employee working at least 30 hours a week. Seasonal,
temporary, or contract employees can't purchase.
o If you re on regularly scheduled day off, holiday, vacation day, jury duty, funeral leave, or personal time
off, you re still considered actively at work, as long as you re fulfilling your regular duties and were
working the day immediately prior to your time off.
o You may enroll for coverage if it s more than 31 days after becoming eligible for coverage only during
the open enrollment period.
Additional eligibility requirements may apply. ## Page 2 Insurance issued by Principal Life Insurance Company, 711 High Street, Des Moines, IA 50392 GP62506-10
11212510935 - 1 Page 2 of 3
10/2025 When do I begin receiving disability benefits? Your elimination period is completed and benefits begin on the 15th day for accidents and the 15th day for
sickness. The elimination period is the amount of time before you start receiving benefits. Once I start receiving benefits, how long will they continue? Short-term disability benefits can continue up to 11 weeks. What types of conditions may qualify as a disability? You ll be considered disabled due to sickness or injury, or pregnancy. During your elimination period and your benefit payment period (how long benefit is paid), one of the
following must apply: You re unable to perform the majority of substantial duties of your own job; or You re unable to earn 80% of your income prior to your disability while working in a modified capacity. Do I qualify if I have a preexisting condition? You may. If you haven t been seen by a doctor or prescribed medication for an injury or sickness in the last 3
months or if your disability happens after 12 consecutive months of coverage, you may qualify. Additional benefits: Rehabilitation plan
If you re disabled, our staff may work with you, your physician and employer
to create an individual rehabilitation plan to help you return to work. You may also receive this benefit if you re not disabled but have a condition
that prevents you from working. ## Page 3 principal.com This is a summary of short-term disability coverage insured by or with administrative services provided by
Principal Life Insurance Company. This outline is a brief description of your coverage. It is not an insurance
contract or a complete statement of the rights, benefits, limitations and exclusions of the coverage. If there is a
discrepancy between the policy and this document, the actual policy provision prevails. For complete coverage
details, refer to the booklet. 2025 Principal Financial Services, Inc., Principal, Principal and symbol design and Principal Financial Group are trademarks and service
marks of Principal Financial Services, Inc., a member of the Principal Financial Group. Insurance issued by Principal Life Insurance Company, 711 High Street, Des Moines, IA 50392 GP62506-10
11212510935 - 1 Page 3 of 3
10/2025 What are the limitations and exclusions of my coverage? Preexisting conditions
A preexisting condition is an injury or sickness (including pregnancy) and all
related conditions and complications, in the three months prior to your
effective date under this policy, for which you: Received medical treatment, consultation, care or service; or Were prescribed or took prescription medications In the event an investigation is necessary to determine if a disability is
preexisting, benefits may be payable for up to six weeks while The Principal
is conducting its preexisting condition investigation. Once the investigation
is complete and if the disability is deemed to be a preexisting condition, no
further benefits will be payable. Benefits will not be paid beyond the date
six weeks following the date of disability for disabilities resulting from
preexisting conditions unless, when you become disabled, you have been
actively at work for one full day after being covered under the policy for 12
consecutive months. No benefits will be paid for a subsequent claim subject
to a preexisting condition investigation for the same condition. No benefits will be paid for any disability that is caused by, a complication
of, or resulting from the same preexisting condition that you had previously
received benefits for. Preexisting condition limitations also apply to benefit increases due to
amendments, annual open enrollment, changes due to the member's family
status, or changes in earnings of 25% or greater. ## Page 4