## Page 1 This Benefit Summary is to highlight your Benefits. Don t use this document to understand your exact coverage. If this Benefit Summary conflicts
with the Certificate of Coverage (COC), Schedule of Benefits, Riders, and/or Amendments, those documents govern. Review your COC for an exact
description of the services and supplies that are and are not covered, those which are excluded or limited, and other terms and conditions of
coverage. UnitedHealthcare
|
Massachusetts
|
Navigate
|
DYDK
|
K49S Navigate plan details, all in one place. Use this benefit summary to learn more about this plan s benefits, ways you can get help managing costs and how you may get more out of this health plan. Check out what s included in the plan
Navigate Network coverage only
You can usually save money when you receive care for covered health care services from
network providers. Network and out-of-network benefits
You may receive care and services from network and out-of-network providers and
facilities but staying in the network can help lower your costs. Primary care physician (PCP) required
With this plan, you need to select a PCP the doctor who plays a key role in helping
manage your care. Each enrolled person on your plan will need to choose a PCP. Referrals required
You ll need referrals from your PCP before seeing a specialist or getting certain health
care services. Preventive care covered at 100%
There is no additional cost to you for seeing a network provider for preventive care. Pharmacy benefits
With this plan, you have coverage that helps pay for prescription drugs and medications. Tier 1 providers
Using Tier 1 providers may bring you the greatest value from your health care benefits.
These PCPs and medical specialists meet national standard benchmarks for quality care
and cost savings. Freestanding centers
You may pay less when you use certain freestanding centers health care facilities that
do not bill for services as part of a hospital, such as MRI or surgery centers. Health savings account (HSA)
With an HSA, you ve got a personal bank account that lets you put money aside, tax-free.
Use it to save and pay for qualified medical expenses. 1 ## Page 2 Here's a more in-depth look at how Navigate works. Medical Benefits In Network Annual Medical Deductible Individual
$2,000 Family
$4,000 Ped Dental Annual Deductible - Family
Included in your medical deductible Ped Dental Annual Deductible - Individual
Included in your medical deductible All individual deductible amounts will count toward the family deductible, but an individual will not have to pay more than the individual deductible amount. *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. You're responsible for paying 100% of your medical expenses until you reach your deductible. For certain covered services, you may be required to pay a fixed dollar amount - your copay. Annual Out-of-Pocket Limit Individual
$9,200 Family
$18,400 All individual out-of-pocket maximum amounts will count toward the family out-of-pocket maximum, but an individual will not have to pay more than the individual out-of-pocket maximum amount. Once you ve met your deductible, you start sharing costs with your plan - coinsurance. You continue paying a portion of the expense until you reach your out-of-
pocket limit. From there, your plan pays 100% of allowed amounts for the rest of the plan year. What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Network Preventive Care Services Preventive Care Services For services provided by your Primary Care Provider, Network obstetrician or gynecologist or for services provided with a referral No copay Certain preventive care services are provided as specified by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA), with no cost-sharing to you. These services are based on your age, gender and other health factors. UnitedHealthcare also covers other routine services that may require a copay, co-insurance or deductible. Includes services such as Routine Wellness Checkups, Immunizations, Breast Pumps, Mammography and Colorectal Cancer Screenings. *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 2 ## Page 3 What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Network Office Services - Sickness & Injury Primary Care Provider All other covered persons for services provided by your Primary Care Provider, Network obstetrician or gynecologist $30 copay Covered persons less than age 19 for services provided by your Primary Care Physician, Network obstetrician or gynecologist No copay Additional copays, deductible, or co-insurance may apply when you receive other services at your provider s office. For example, surgery and lab work. Telehealth is covered at the same cost share as in the office. Specialist For services provided with a referral
$75 copay Additional copays, deductible, or co-insurance may apply when you receive other services at your provider s office. For example, surgery and lab work. Telehealth is covered at the same cost share as in the office. Urgent Care Center Services
$75 copay Virtual Care Services
No copay Network Benefits are available only when services are delivered through a Designated Virtual Network Provider for 24/7 Virtual Visit services only. You can find a 24/7 Virtual Visit Provider by contacting us at myuhc.com or the telephone number on your ID card. Access to 24/7 Virtual Visits and prescription services may not be available in all states or for all groups. Vision Exams (Benefit is for Covered Persons over age 19)
$30 copay Limited to 1 exam every 12 months. Find a listing of UnitedHealthcare Vision Network Providers at myuhcvision.com. Emergency Care Ambulance Services - Emergency Ambulance Air Ambulance
No copay* Ground Ambulance
No copay* Ambulance Services - Non-Emergency Ambulance Air Ambulance
No copay* Ground Ambulance
No copay* *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 3 ## Page 4 What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Network Dental Services - Accident Only
No copay* Limited to $3,000 per year. Limited to a maximum of $900 per tooth per year. Emergency Health Care Services - Outpatient $400 copay* Notification is required if it results in confinement to an Out-of-
Network Hospital. Inpatient Care Congenital Heart Disease (CHD) Surgeries For services provided with a referral
No copay* Habilitative Services - Inpatient
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Limited to 60 days per year. Hospital - Inpatient Stay For services provided with a referral
No copay* Any deductible, co-payment, and/or co-insurance, whichever applies to you, will be waived for a sterilization procedure for a female member when performed as the primary procedure for family planning reasons. Skilled Nursing Facility/Inpatient Rehabilitation Facility Services No copay* Limited to 100 days per year in a Skilled Nursing Facility. Limited to 60 days per year in an Inpatient Rehabilitation Facility. Outpatient Care Habilitative Services - Outpatient Manipulative treatment services with a referral
$75 copay Other habilitative services
$30 copay Limited to 20 visits of cognitive rehabilitation therapy per year. Limited to 30 visits of post-cochlear implant aural therapy per year. Limited to 44 visits of occupational therapy per year. Limited to 44 visits of physical therapy per year. Limits do not apply when physical and/or occupational therapy is furnished as part of Autism Spectrum Disorder treatment. Home Health Care
No copay* *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 4 ## Page 5 What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Network Lab, X-Ray and Diagnostic - Outpatient - Lab Testing For services provided at a freestanding lab, freestanding diagnostic center or in a physician's office $45 copay For services provided at a hospital-based lab or an outpatient hospital-based diagnostic center No copay* Lab, X-Ray and Diagnostic - Outpatient - X-Ray and other Diagnostic Testing For services provided at a freestanding lab, freestanding diagnostic center or in a physician's office $75 copay For services provided at a hospital-based lab or an outpatient hospital-based diagnostic center No copay* Major Diagnostic and Imaging - Outpatient For services provided at a freestanding diagnostic center or in a physician's office $500 copay For services provided at an outpatient hospital-based diagnostic center No copay* You may have to pay an extra copay, deductible or coinsurance for physician fees or pharmaceutical products. Physician Fees for Surgical and Medical Services For services provided by your Primary Care Provider, Network obstetrician or gynecologist No copay* For services provided with a referral
No copay* Rehabilitation Services - Outpatient Therapy and Manipulative Treatment Manipulative treatment services with a referral
$75 copay Other rehabilitation services
$30 copay Limited to 20 visits of cognitive rehabilitation therapy per year. Limited to 20 visits of pulmonary rehabilitation therapy per year. Limited to 30 visits of post-cochlear implant aural therapy per year. Limited to 44 visits of occupational therapy per year. Limited to 44 visits of physical therapy per year. Limits do not apply when physical and/or occupational therapy is furnished as part of Autism Spectrum Disorder treatment or as part of home health care. *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 5 ## Page 6 What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Network Scopic Procedures - Outpatient Diagnostic and Therapeutic For services provided at a freestanding center or in a physician s office for services provided with a referral $500 copay For services provided at a freestanding center or in a physician s office provided by your Primary Care Provider or Network Obstetrician or gynecologist $500 copay For services provided at an outpatient hospital-based center for services provided with a referral No copay* For services provided at an outpatient hospital-based center provided by your Primary Care Provider or Network Obstetrician or gynecologist No copay* Diagnostic/therapeutic scopic procedures include, but are not limited to colonoscopy, sigmoidoscopy and endoscopy. Surgery - Outpatient For services provided at an ambulatory surgical center or in a physician's office provided by your Primary Care Provider or Network Obstetrician or gynecologist $500 copay For services provided at an ambulatory surgical center or in a provider's office for services provided with a referral $500 copay For services provided at an outpatient hospital-based surgical center for services provided with a referral No copay* For services provided at an outpatient hospital-based surgical center provided by your Primary Care Provider or Network Obstetrician or gynecologist No copay* Any deductible, co-payment, and/or co-insurance, whichever applies to you, will be waived for a sterilization procedure for a female member when performed as the primary procedure for family planning reasons. Therapeutic Treatments - Outpatient
No copay* Therapeutic treatments include, but are not limited to dialysis, intravenous chemotherapy, intravenous infusion, medical education services and radiation oncology. Supplies and Services Diabetes Self-Management Items
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided under Durable Medical Equipment (DME), Orthotics and Supplies or in the Prescription Drug Benefits Section. Diabetes Self-Management and Training/Diabetic Eye Exams/Foot Care The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Durable Medical Equipment (DME), Orthotics and Supplies
No copay* Enteral Nutrition
No copay* Hearing Aids
No copay* Limited to $2,000 every 36 months. The limit applies to one hearing aid per hearing impaired ear. The difference above the limit of $2,000 will be payable by the insured if the insured elects to pay the difference. *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 6 ## Page 7 What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Network Ostomy Supplies
No copay* Pharmaceutical Products - Outpatient
No copay* No cost for oral chemotherapeutic agents. This includes medications given at a doctor's office, or in a covered person's home. Prosthetic Devices
No copay* Urinary Catheters
No copay* Pregnancy Pregnancy - Maternity Services
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided except that an Annual Deductible will not apply for a newborn child whose length of stay in the Hospital is the same as the mother's length of stay. Limited to $45 per refresher childbirth course. Limited to $90 per initial childbirth course. Limits are for each covered expectant mother. Deductible does not apply to each course. Mental Health Care & Substance Related and Addictive Disorder Services Inpatient
No copay* Intensive Behavioral Therapy (e.g. ABA)
No copay Other Outpatient Services such as Electro-Convulsive Treatment, Psychological Testing, Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation and Medication Assisted Treatment No copay Other Outpatient Services, including Partial Hospitalization/Day Treatment/High Intensity Outpatient/Intensive Outpatient Programs No copay Outpatient Office Visits
$30 copay Other Services Abortion and Abortion-Related Services
No copay Abortion and abortion-related services, including preabortion and follow-up services are covered without deductible, Co-
insurance, Co-payment, or any other cost-sharing requirement. Autism Spectrum Disorder Treatment
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Limits stated under Rehabilitation Services Outpatient Therapy and Manipulative Treatment in this Benefit Summary do not apply to Autism Spectrum Disorder Treatment. COVID-19 Testing and Treatment
No copay Cellular and Gene Therapy
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Cellular or Gene Therapy services must be received from a Designated Provider. Clinical Trials
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 7 ## Page 8 What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Network Early Intervention Services
No copay Fertility Preservation for Iatrogenic Infertility
No copay* Limited to 1 cycle of fertility preservation for Iatrogenic Infertility per lifetime. HIV-Associated Lipodystrophy Treatment
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Hormone Replacement Therapy and Contraceptive Services
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Hospice Care
No copay* Hypodermic Needles and Syringes
No copay* Infertility Services For services provided with a referral
No copay* Lyme Disease Treatment
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Obesity - Weight Loss Surgery
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Preimplantation Genetic Testing (PGT) and Related Services
No copay* Reconstructive Procedures
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Speech, Hearing, and Language Disorders
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Temporomandibular Joint (TMJ) Services
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Transplantation Services
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Transplantation services must be received from a Designated Provider. Treatment of Cleft Lip or Palate or Both
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Wigs
No copay* Pediatric Services - Dental All Pediatric Dental - Benefits covered up to age 19 Additional limits may apply. Refer to your plan documents for more information. Basic Dental Services
20%* Diagnostic Services
No copay Limited to 1 time every 36 months for Panoramic x-rays. Limited to 2 evaluations (checkup exams) every 12 months. Limited to 2 series of films every 12 months of Bitewing x-rays. Major Restorative Services
50%* *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 8 ## Page 9 What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Network Medically Necessary Orthodontics 50%* All orthodontic treatment must be prior authorized. Preventive Services
No copay Limited to 2 dental prophylaxis cleanings and fluoride treatments every 12 months. Pediatric Services - Vision All Pediatric Vision - Benefits Covered up to age 19 Contact Lenses Fitting, Evaluation and Follow-Up Care/Necessary Contact Lenses 50% Limited to 1 fitting and evaluation every 12 months. Limited to a 12 month supply. We will pay benefits for only one vision care service. You may choose either eyeglasses (eyeglass lenses and/or eyeglass frames) or contact lenses. Eyeglass Frames Eyeglass frames with a retail cost below $130
50% Eyeglass frames with a retail cost between $130-$160
50% Eyeglass frames with a retail cost between $160-$200
50% Eyeglass frames with a retail cost between $200-$250
50% Eyeglass frames with a retail cost greater than $250
50% Limited to once every 12 months. Eyeglass Lenses
50% Limited to once every 12 months. Lens Extras
No copay Limited to once every 12 months. Coverage includes polycarbonate lenses and standard scratch-resistant coating. Low Vision Follow-up Care
No copay Limited to 4 visits every 5 years. Low Vision Testing
No copay Limited to once every 24 months. *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 9 ## Page 10 What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Network Low Vision Therapy
25% Limited to once every 24 months. Routine Vision Exam
$30 copay Limited to once every 12 months. *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 10