## Page 1 This Benefit Summary is to highlight your Benefits. Don t use this document to understand your exact coverage. If this Benefit
Summary conflicts with the Certificate of Coverage (COC), Schedule of Benefits, Riders, and/or Amendments, those documents
govern. Review your COC for an exact description of the services and supplies that are and are not covered, those which are
excluded or limited, and other terms and conditions of coverage. Neighborhood Health Partnership
|
Florida
|
NHP HMO
|
EK1Y
|
NH7S
NHP HMO plan details, all in one place Use this benefit summary to learn more about this plan s benefits, ways you can get help managing costs and how you may get more out of this health plan. Check out what s included in the plan
NHP HMO Network coverage only
You can usually save money when you receive care for covered health care
services from network providers. Network and out-of-network benefits
You may receive care and services from network and out-of-network providers
and facilities but staying in the network can help lower your costs. Primary care physician (PCP) required
With this plan, you need to select a PCP the doctor who plays a key role in
helping manage your care. Each enrolled person on your plan will need to choose
a PCP. Referrals required
You ll need referrals from your PCP before seeing a specialist or getting certain
health care services. Preventive care covered at 100%
There is no additional cost to you for seeing a network provider for preventive care. Pharmacy benefits
With this plan, you have coverage that helps pay for prescription drugs and medications. Tier 1 providers
Using Tier 1 providers may bring you the greatest value from your health care
benefits. These PCPs and medical specialists meet national standard
benchmarks for quality care and cost savings. Freestanding centers
You may pay less when you use certain freestanding centers health care
facilities that do not bill for services as part of a hospital, such as MRI or surgery centers. Health savings account (HSA)
With an HSA, you ve got a personal bank account that lets you put money aside,
tax-free.Use it to save and pay for qualified medical expenses. 1 ## Page 2 Here's a more in-depth look at how NHP HMO works Medical Benefits In Network Annual Medical Deductible Individual
$2,000 Family
$4,000 All individual deductible amounts will count toward the family deductible, but an individual will not have to pay more than the individual deductible amount. *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. You're responsible for paying 100% of your medical expenses until you reach your deductible. For certain covered services, you may be required to pay a fixed dollar amount - your copay. Annual Out-of-Pocket Limit Individual
$8,500 Family
$17,000 All individual out-of-pocket maximum amounts will count toward the family out-of-pocket maximum, but an individual will not have to pay more than the individual out-of-pocket maximum amount. Once you ve met your deductible, you start sharing costs with your plan - coinsurance. You continue paying a portion of the expense until you reach your out-of-pocket limit. From there, your plan pays 100% of allowed amounts for the rest of the plan year. What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Designated Network
Network Preventive Care Services Preventive Care Services
No copay Certain preventive care services are provided as specified by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA), with no cost-sharing to you. These services are based on your age, gender and other health factors. UnitedHealthcare also covers other routine services that may require a copay, co-insurance or deductible. Includes services such as Routine Wellness Checkups, Immunizations, Breast Pumps, Mammography and Colorectal Cancer Screenings. *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 2 ## Page 3 What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Designated Network
Network Office Services - Sickness & Injury Primary Care Physician All other covered persons
$10 copay
$10 copay Covered persons less than age 19
No copay
No copay Additional copays, deductible, or co-insurance may apply when you receive other services at your physician s office. For example, surgery and lab work. Telehealth is covered at the same cost share as in the office. Specialist
$40 copay
$80 copay Additional copays, deductible, or co-insurance may apply when you receive other services at your physician s office. For example, surgery and lab work. Telehealth is covered at the same cost share as in the office. Urgent Care Center Services
$50 copay Virtual Care Services
No copay Benefits are available only when services are delivered through a Designated Virtual Network Provider for 24/7 Virtual Visit services only. You can find a 24/7 Virtual Visit Provider by contacting us at myuhc.com or the telephone number on your ID card. Emergency Care Ambulance Services - Emergency Medical Condition Ambulance Air Ambulance
20%* Ground Ambulance
20%* Transportation costs of a newborn to the nearest appropriate facility for treatment are covered. Ambulance Services - Non-Emergency Medical Condition Ambulance Air Ambulance
20%* Ground Ambulance
20%* Transportation costs of a newborn to the nearest appropriate facility for treatment are covered. *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 3 ## Page 4 What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Designated Network
Network Dental Services - Accident Only
20%* Emergency Health Care Services - Outpatient You pay a $300 per occurrence deductible per visit prior to and in addition to paying any Annual Deductible and any coinsurance amount. 20%* Notification is required if it results in confinement to an Out-of-Network Hospital. Inpatient Care Congenital Heart Disease (CHD) Surgeries
20%* Habilitative Services - Inpatient
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Limit will be the same as, and combined with, those stated under Skilled Nursing Facility/Inpatient Rehabilitation Services. Hospital - Inpatient Stay
20%* Skilled Nursing Facility/Inpatient Rehabilitation Facility Services 20%* Limited to 120 days per year. Outpatient Care Chiropractic Services
$10 copay Limited to 20 visits per year. Habilitative Services - Outpatient
$10 copay Limits will be the same as, and combined with, those stated under Rehabilitation Services - Outpatient Therapy. Visit limits for physical, occupational and speech therapies do not apply for Autism Spectrum Disorder. Home Health Care
20%* Limited to 60 visits per year. One visit equals up to four hours of skilled care services. This visit limit does not include any service which is billed only for the administration of intravenous infusion. Lab, X-Ray and Diagnostic - Outpatient - Lab Testing
$40 copay *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 4 ## Page 5 What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Designated Network
Network Lab, X-Ray and Diagnostic - Outpatient - X-Ray and other Diagnostic Testing $40 copay For network benefits you have no copay for a diagnostic mammogram or breast ultrasound for the first service in a year. Major Diagnostic and Imaging - Outpatient
$500 copay
$750 copay For network benefits you have no copay for a breast MRI for the first service in a year. You may have to pay an extra copay, deductible or coinsurance for physician fees or pharmaceutical products. Physician Fees for Surgical and Medical Services Primary care visits
20%*
20%* Specialist care visits
20%*
20%* Rehabilitation Services - Outpatient Therapy
$10 copay Limited to 20 visits of cognitive rehabilitation therapy per year. Limited to 20 visits of occupational therapy per year. Limited to 20 visits of physical therapy per year. Limited to 20 visits of speech therapy per year. Limited to 30 visits of post-cochlear implant aural therapy per year. Limited to 36 visits of cardiac rehabilitation therapy per year. Visit limits for physical, occupational and speech therapies do not apply for Autism Spectrum Disorder. Scopic Procedures - Outpatient Diagnostic and Therapeutic $500 copay Diagnostic/therapeutic scopic procedures include, but are not limited to colonoscopy, sigmoidoscopy and endoscopy. For network benefits you have no copay for a diagnostic colonoscopy for the first service in a year. Surgery - Outpatient
20%* *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 5 ## Page 6 What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Designated Network
Network Therapeutic Treatments - Outpatient
20%* Therapeutic treatments include, but are not limited to dialysis, intravenous chemotherapy, intravenous infusion, medical education services and radiation oncology. Supplies and Services Diabetes Self-Management Items
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided under Durable Medical Equipment (DME), Orthotics and Supplies or in the Prescription Drug Benefits Section. Diabetes Self-Management and Training/Diabetic Eye Exams/Foot Care The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Durable Medical Equipment (DME), Orthotics and Supplies 20%* Repair or replacement of DME or orthotics is limited to its necessity due to a growing child's functional need. Enteral Nutrition
20%* Hearing Aids
20%* Limited to $2,500 per year. Limited to a single purchase per hearing impaired ear every 3 years. Repair and/or replacement of a hearing aid would apply to this limit in the same manner as a purchase. Ostomy Supplies
20%* Limited to $2,500 per year. Pharmaceutical Products - Outpatient
20%* This includes medications given at a doctor's office, or in a covered person's home. Prosthetic Devices
20%* Limited to 1 permanent prosthetic device per lifetime. Limit does not apply when a prosthetic device is necessary due to a growing child's functional need. This limit does not apply to items required by the Women's Health and Cancer Rights Act of 1998. Urinary Catheters
20%* *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 6 ## Page 7 What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Designated Network
Network Pregnancy Pregnancy - Maternity Services
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided except that an Annual Deductible will not apply for a newborn child whose length of stay in the Hospital is the same as the mother's length of stay. Mental Health Care & Substance Related and Addictive Disorder Services Inpatient
20%* Intensive Behavioral Therapy (e.g. ABA)
No copay Other Outpatient Services such as Electro-Convulsive Treatment, Psychological Testing, Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation and Medication Assisted Treatment No copay Other Outpatient Services, including Partial Hospitalization/Day Treatment/High Intensity Outpatient/Intensive Outpatient Programs No copay Outpatient Office Visits
$40 copay Other Services Bones or Joints of the Jaw and Facial Region
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Cellular and Gene Therapy
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Cellular or Gene Therapy services must be received from a Designated Provider. Cleft Lip and Palate Treatment
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Clinical Trials
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Dental Services Anesthesia and Hospitalization
20%* Fertility Preservation for Iatrogenic Infertility
20%* Limited to $20,000 per Covered Person per lifetime. Limited to 1 cycle of fertility preservation for Iatrogenic Infertility per lifetime. This Benefit limit will be the same as, and combined with, those stated under Preimplantation Genetic Testing (PGT) and Related Services. *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 7 ## Page 8 What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Designated Network
Network Gender Dysphoria
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided or in the Prescription Drug Benefits Section. Limits for voice modification therapy and/or voice lessons will be the same as, and combined with, outpatient speech therapy limits as described under Habilitative Services and Rehabilitation Services Outpatient Therapy. Hospice Care
20%* Osteoporosis Treatment
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Preimplantation Genetic Testing (PGT) and Related Services 20%* Benefit limits for related services will be the same as, and combined with, those stated under Fertility Preservation for Iatrogenic Infertility. This limit does not include Preimplantation Genetic Testing (PGT) for the specific genetic disorder. Reconstructive Procedures
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Transplantation Services
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Transplantation services must be received from a Designated Provider. *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 8 ## Page 9 Pharmacy Benefits ** Only certain Prescription Drug Products are available through mail order; please visit myuhc.com or call Customer Care at the telephone number on the back of your ID card for more information.
You will be charged a retail Copayment and/or Coinsurance for 31 days or 2 times for 60 days based on the number of days supply dispensed for any Prescription Order or Refills sent to the mail order
pharmacy. To maximize your Benefit, ask your Physician to write your Prescription Order or Refill for a 90-day supply, with refills when appropriate, rather than a 30-day supply with three refills.
Your Copayment and/or Coinsurance is determined by the tier to which the Prescription Drug List (PDL) Management Committee has assigned the Prescription Drug Product. All Prescription Drug
Products on the Prescription Drug List are assigned to Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3 or Tier 4.
If you are a member, you can find individualized information on your benefit coverage, determine tier status, check the status of claims and search for network pharmacies by logging into your
account on myuhc.com or calling the Customer Care number on your ID card. If you are not a member, you can view prescription information at welcometouhc.com > Benefits > Pharmacy Benefits. Pharmacy Plan Details Pharmacy Network
National Prescription Drug List
Advantage w/ SMCS Drugs In Network Annual Pharmacy Deductible Individual
You do not have to pay a pharmacy deductible Family
You do not have to pay a pharmacy deductible For growth hormone therapy you pay 30% of the prescription drug cost. Up to a 31-day supply
Up to a 90-day supply Prescription Drug Product Tier Level
Retail and Specialty Pharmacy Network
Mail Order Pharmacy** Tier 1 $ $10
$25 Tier 2 $$ $45
$112.50 Tier 3 $$$ $90
$225 Tier 4 $$$$ 25%
25% Specialty Prescription Drug Product Tier Level
Preferred Speciality Network Pharmacy
Specialty Mail Order** Tier 1 $ $10
Not applicable Tier 2 $$ 35%
Not applicable Tier 3 $$$ 35%
Not applicable Tier 4 $$$$ 35%
Not applicable 9 ## Page 10 Here s an example of how the plan s costs come into play Digital tools to keep you connected Once you re a member, you can access your
personalized digital tools the UnitedHealthcare app and myuhc.com these
tools give you quick access to resources designed to help you: View benefit info, claim details and account balances Search network providers and facilities for the type of care you may need Access your health plan ID card and add your plan details to your smartphone s digital wallet Learn about covered preventive care Quickly compare cost estimates before you get care, which may help you save money 10 ## Page 11 Other important information about your benefits Medical Exclusions Services your plan generally does NOT cover. It is recommended that you review your COC, Amendments and Riders for an exact
description of the services and supplies that are covered, those which are excluded or limited, and other terms and conditions of
coverage. Acupuncture Bariatric Surgery Cosmetic Surgery Dental Care (Adult/Child) Glasses Infertility Treatment Long-Term Care Non-emergency care when traveling outside the U.S. Private-Duty Nursing Routine Eye Care (Adult/Child) Routine Foot Care Weight Loss Programs Outpatient Prescription Drug Benefits For Prescription Drug Products dispensed at an In-Network Retail Pharmacy, you are responsible for paying the lowest of the following: 1)
The applicable Copayment and/or Coinsurance; 2) The In- Network Retail Pharmacy Usual and Customary Charge for the Prescription
Drug Product; and 3) The Prescription Drug Charge for that Prescription Drug Product. For Prescription Drug Products from an In-Network
Mail Order Pharmacy, you are responsible for paying the lower of the following: 1) The applicable Copayment and/or Coinsurance; and 2)
The Prescription Drug Charge for that Prescription Drug Product. For an out-of-Network Retail Pharmacy, your reimbursement is based on
the Out-of-Network Reimbursement Rate, and you are responsible for the difference between the Out-of-Network Reimbursement Rate
and the out-of-Network Pharmacy s Usual and Customary Charge. See the Copayment and/or Coinsurance stated in the Benefit Information table for amounts. We will not reimburse you for any
non-covered drug product. For a single Copayment and/or Coinsurance, you may receive a Prescription Drug Product up to the stated supply limit. Some products are
subject to additional supply limits based on criteria that we have developed. Supply limits are subject, from time to time, to our review and
change. Specialty Prescription Drug Products supply limits are as written by the provider, up to a consecutive 31-day supply of the Specialty
Prescription Drug Product, unless adjusted based on the drug manufacturer s packaging size, or based on supply limits, or as allowed
under the Smart Fill Program. Supply limits apply to Specialty Prescription Drug Products obtained at a Preferred Specialty Network
Pharmacy, a Non-Preferred Specialty Network Pharmacy, an out-of-Network Pharmacy, a mail order Network Pharmacy or a Designated
Pharmacy. Certain Prescription Drug Products for which Benefits are described under the Prescription Drug Rider are subject to step therapy
requirements. In order to receive Benefits for such Prescription Drug Products you must use a different Prescription Drug Product(s) or
pharmaceutical product(s) for which Benefits are provided as described under the Certificate first. You may find out whether a Prescription
Drug Product is subject to step therapy requirements by contacting us at myuhc.com or the telephone number on your ID card. Before certain Prescription Drug Products are dispensed to you, your Physician, your pharmacist or you are required to obtain prior
authorization from us or our designee to determine whether the Prescription Drug Product is in accordance with our approved guidelines
and it meets the definition of a Covered Health Care Service and is not an Experimental or Investigational or Unproven Service. We may
also require you to obtain prior authorization from us or our designee so we can determine whether the Prescription Drug Product, in
accordance with our approved guidelines, was prescribed by a Specialist. If you require certain Prescription Drug Products, we may direct you to a Designated Pharmacy with whom we have an arrangement to
provide those Prescription Drug Products. If you are directed to a Designated Pharmacy and you choose not to obtain your Prescription
Drug Product from the Designated Pharmacy, you will be subject to the Out-of-Network Benefit for that Prescription Drug Product. Certain Preventative Care Medications may be covered at zero costshare. You can get more information by contacting us at
myuhc.com or the telephone number on your ID card. Benefits are provided for certain Prescription Drug Products dispensed by an In-Network Mail Order Pharmacy or Preferred 90 Day Retail
Network Pharmacy. The Outpatient Prescription Drug Schedule of Benefits will tell you how In-Network Mail Order Pharmacy and Preferred
90 Day Retail Network Pharmacy supply limits apply. Please contact us at myuhc.com or the telephone number on your ID card to find out if
Benefits are provided for your Prescription Drug Product and for information on how to obtain your Prescription Drug Product through an
In-Network Mail Order Pharmacy or Preferred 90 Day Retail Network Pharmacy. 11 ## Page 12 Other important information about your benefits Pharmacy Exclusions The following exclusions apply. In addition see your Pharmacy Rider and SBN for additional exclusions and limitations that may apply. A Pharmaceutical Product for which Benefits are provided in your Certificate. A Prescription Drug Product with either: an approved biosimilar, a biosimilar and Therapeutically Equivalent to another covered
Prescription Drug Product or Pharmaceutical Product as describe in your Certificate. Any Prescription Drug Product to the extent payment or benefits are provided or available from the local, state or federal
government (for example, Medicare). Any product dispensed for the purpose of appetite suppression or weight loss. Any product for which the primary use is a source of nutrition, nutritional supplements, or dietary management of disease, and
prescription medical food products even when used for the treatment of Sickness or Injury. Certain New Prescription Drug Products and/or new dosage forms until the date they are reviewed and placed on a tier by our PDL
Management Committee. Certain Prescription Drug Products for tobacco cessation. Certain Prescription Drug Products for which there are Therapeutically Equivalent alternatives to another Prescription Drug
Product or Pharmaceutical Product as described in your Certificate available, unless otherwise required by law or approved by us.
Such determinations may be made up to six times during a calendar year. We may decide at any time to reinstate Benefits for a
Prescription Drug Product that was previously excluded under this provision. Certain Prescription Drug Products that are FDA approved as a package with a device or application, including smart package
sensors and/or embedded drug sensors. Certain compounded drugs. Diagnostic kits and products, including associated services. Drugs or products available over-the-counter. Drugs which are prescribed, dispensed or intended for use during an Inpatient Stay. Durable Medical Equipment, including certain insulin pumps and related supplies for the management and treatment of diabetes,
for which Benefits are provided in your Certificate. Prescribed and non-prescribed outpatient supplies. This does not apply to
diabetic supplies and inhaler spacers specifically stated as covered. Experimental or Investigational or Unproven Services and medications. General vitamins, except Prenatal vitamins, vitamins with fluoride, and single entity vitamins when accompanied by a Prescription
Order or Refill. Growth hormone for children with familial short stature (short stature based upon heredity and not caused by a diagnosed medical
condition). Prescription Drug Products dispensed outside the United States, except as required for Emergency Medical Condition treatment. Prescription Drug Products used for cosmetic or convenience purposes. Prescription Drug Products when prescribed to treat infertility. This exclusion does not apply to Prescription Drug Products
prescribed to treat Iatrogenic Infertility and Preimplantation Genetic Testing (PGT) as described in the Certificate. Prescription Drug Products, including New Prescription Drug Products or new dosage forms, that we determine do not meet the
definition of a Covered Health Care Service. Publicly available software applications and/or monitors that may be available with or without a Prescription Order or Refill. 12 ## Page 13 UnitedHealthcare does not treat members differently because of sex, age, race, color, disability or national origin. If you think you weren t treated fairly because of your sex, age, race, color, disability or national origin, you can send a complaint to the Civil Rights Coordinator:
Online: UHC_Civil_Rights@uhc.com
Mail: Civil Rights Coordinator UnitedHealthcare Civil Rights Grievance P.O. Box 30608, Salt Lake City, UT 84130
You must send the complaint within 60 days of when you found out about it. A decision will be sent to you within 30 days. If you disagree with the decision, you have 15 days to ask us to look at it again. If you need help with your complaint, please call the toll-free phone number listed on your ID card, TTY 711, Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. You can also file a complaint with the U.S. Dept. of Health and Human Services. Online: https://ocrportal.hhs.gov/ocr/portal/lobby.jsf
Complaint forms are available at: http://www.hhs.gov/ocr/office/file/index.html.
Phone: Toll-free 1-800-368-1019, 1-800-537-7697 (TDD)
Mail: U.S. Dept. of Health and Human Services, 200 Independence Avenue, SW Room 509F, HHH Building Washington, D.C. 20201 We provide free services to help you communicate with us such as letters in others languages or large print. You can also ask for an interpreter. To ask for help, please call the toll-free member phone number listed on your health plan ID card. ATTENTION: If you speak English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. Please call the toll-free phone number listed on your identification card. ATENCI N: Si habla espa ol (Spanish), hay servicios de asistencia de idiomas, sin cargo, a su disposici n. Llame al n mero de tel fono gratuito que aparece en su tarjeta de identificaci n. (Chinese) XIN L U : N u qu v n i ti ng Vi t (Vietnamese), qu v s c cung c p d ch v tr gi p v ng n ng mi n ph . Vui l ng g i s i n tho i mi n ph m t sau th h i vi n c a qu v . : (Korean) . . PAALALA: Kung nagsasalita ka ng Tagalog (Tagalog), may makukuha kang mga libreng serbisyo ng tulong sa wika. Pakitawagan ang toll-free na numero ng telepono na nasa iyong identification card. : , (Russian). , . ( : Arabic) . . ATANSYON: Si w pale Krey l ayisyen (Haitian Creole), ou kapab benefisye s vis ki gratis pou ede w nan lang pa w. Tanpri rele nimewo gratis ki sou kat idantifikasyon w. ATTENTION : Si vous parlez fran ais (French), des services d aide linguistique vous sont propos s gratuitement. Veuillez appeler le num ro de t l phone gratuit figurant sur votre carte d identification. UWAGA: Je eli m wisz po polsku (Polish), udost pnili my darmowe us ugi t umacza. Prosimy zadzwoni pod bezp atny numer telefonu podany na karcie identyfikacyjnej. ATEN O: Se voc fala portugu s (Portuguese), contate o servi o de assist ncia de idiomas gratuito. Ligue gratuitamente para o n mero encontrado no seu cart o de identifica o. ATTENZIONE: in caso la lingua parlata sia l italiano (Italian), sono disponibili servizi di assistenza linguistica gratuiti. Per favore chiamate il numero di telefono verde indicato sulla vostra tessera identificativa. ACHTUNG: Falls Sie Deutsch (German) sprechen, stehen Ihnen kostenlos sprachliche Hilfsdienstleistungen zur Verf gung. Bitte rufen Sie die geb hrenfreie Rufnummer auf der R ckseite Ihres Mitgliedsausweises an. (Japanese) )Farsi( : . . : (Hindi) , , : - CEEB TOOM: Yog koj hais Lus Hmoob (Hmong), muaj kev pab txhais lus pub dawb rau koj. Thov hu rau tus xov tooj hu deb dawb uas teev muaj nyob rau ntawm koj daim yuaj cim qhia tus kheej. : (Greek), . . PAKDAAR: Nu saritaem ti Ilocano (Ilocano), ti serbisyo para ti baddang ti lengguahe nga awanan bayadna, ket sidadaan para kenyam. Maidawat nga awagan iti toll-free a numero ti telepono nga nakalista ayan iti identification card mo. D BAA KON N ZIN: Din (Navajo) bizaad bee y ni ti go, saad bee ka an da awo g , t j k eh, bee n ah t i . T sh d ninaaltsoos nit iz bee n hozin g bine d t j k ehgo b sh bee hane bik g bee hod ilnih. OGOW: Haddii aad ku hadasho Soomaali (Somali), adeegyada taageerada luqadda, oo bilaash ah, ayaad heli kartaa. Fadlan wac lambarka telefonka khadka bilaashka ee ku yaalla kaarkaaga aqoonsiga. (Gujarati): : . - . Administrative services provided by United HealthCare Services, Inc. and their affiliates. B2C 9183517.0 11/19 2025 United HealthCare Services, Inc. DBID : 19-12550