## Page 1 This Benefit Summary is to highlight your Benefits. Don t use this document to understand your exact coverage. If this Benefit Summary conflicts
with the Certificate of Coverage (COC), Schedule of Benefits, Riders, and/or Amendments, those documents govern. Review your COC for an exact
description of the services and supplies that are and are not covered, those which are excluded or limited, and other terms and conditions of
coverage. UnitedHealthcare
|
Connecticut
|
Choice
|
DYEQ
|
B72 Choice plan details, all in one place. Use this benefit summary to learn more about this plan s benefits, ways you can get help managing costs and how you may get more out of this health plan. Check out what s included in the plan
Choice Network coverage only
You can usually save money when you receive care for covered health care services from
network providers. Network and out-of-network benefits
You may receive care and services from network and out-of-network providers and
facilities but staying in the network can help lower your costs. Primary care physician (PCP) required
With this plan, you need to select a PCP the doctor who plays a key role in helping
manage your care. Each enrolled person on your plan will need to choose a PCP. Referrals required
You ll need referrals from your PCP before seeing a specialist or getting certain health
care services. Preventive care covered at 100%
There is no additional cost to you for seeing a network provider for preventive care. Pharmacy benefits
With this plan, you have coverage that helps pay for prescription drugs and medications. Tier 1 providers
Using Tier 1 providers may bring you the greatest value from your health care benefits.
These PCPs and medical specialists meet national standard benchmarks for quality care
and cost savings. Freestanding centers
You may pay less when you use certain freestanding centers health care facilities that
do not bill for services as part of a hospital, such as MRI or surgery centers. Health savings account (HSA)
With an HSA, you ve got a personal bank account that lets you put money aside, tax-free.
Use it to save and pay for qualified medical expenses. 1 ## Page 2 Here's a more in-depth look at how Choice works. Medical Benefits In Network Annual Medical Deductible Individual
$3,000 Family
$6,000 Ped Dental Annual Deductible - Family
Included in your medical deductible Ped Dental Annual Deductible - Individual
Included in your medical deductible All individual deductible amounts will count toward the family deductible, but an individual will not have to pay more than the individual deductible amount. *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. You're responsible for paying 100% of your medical expenses until you reach your deductible. For certain covered services, you may be required to pay a fixed dollar amount - your copay. Annual Out-of-Pocket Limit Individual
$8,000 Family
$16,000 All individual out-of-pocket maximum amounts will count toward the family out-of-pocket maximum, but an individual will not have to pay more than the individual out-of-pocket maximum amount. Once you ve met your deductible, you start sharing costs with your plan - coinsurance. You continue paying a portion of the expense until you reach your out-of-
pocket limit. From there, your plan pays 100% of allowed amounts for the rest of the plan year. What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Designated Network
Network Preventive Care Services Preventive Care Services
No copay Certain preventive care services are provided as specified by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA), with no cost-sharing to you. These services are based on your age, gender and other health factors. UnitedHealthcare also covers other routine services that may require a copay, co-insurance or deductible. Includes services such as Routine Wellness Checkups, Immunizations, Breast Pumps, Mammography and Colorectal Cancer Screenings. Office Services - Sickness & Injury Primary Care Physician All other covered persons
$30 copay Covered persons less than age 19
No copay Additional copays, deductible, or co-insurance may apply when you receive other services at your physician s office. For example, surgery. Telehealth is covered at the same cost share as in the office. *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 2 ## Page 3 What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Designated Network
Network Specialist
$60 copay Additional copays, deductible, or co-insurance may apply when you receive other services at your physician s office. For example, surgery. Telehealth is covered at the same cost share as in the office. Urgent Care Center Services
$60 copay Virtual Care Services
No copay Vision Exams (Benefit is for Covered Persons over age 19)
$30 copay Limited to 1 exam every 12 months. Find a listing of UnitedHealthcare Vision Network Providers at myuhcvision.com. Emergency Care Ambulance Services - Emergency Ambulance Air Ambulance
No copay* Ground Ambulance
No copay* Ambulance Services - Non-Emergency Ambulance Air Ambulance
No copay* Ground Ambulance
No copay* Dental Services - Accident Only
No copay* Limited to $3,000 per year. Limited to a maximum of $900 per tooth per year. Emergency Health Care Services - Outpatient $400 copay Notification is required if it results in confinement to an Out-of-
Network Hospital. Inpatient Care Congenital Heart Disease (CHD) Surgeries
No copay* Habilitative Services - Inpatient
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Limited to 90 days per year. Hospital - Inpatient Stay
No copay* Skilled Nursing Facility/Inpatient Rehabilitation Facility Services No copay* Limited to 90 days per year. *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 3 ## Page 4 What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Designated Network
Network Outpatient Care Habilitative Services - Outpatient
$30 copay Limited to 20 visits of cognitive rehabilitation therapy per year. Limited to 20 visits of manipulative treatments per year. Limited to 30 visits of post-cochlear implant aural therapy per year. Limited to 40 combined visits of physical therapy, occupational therapy and speech therapy per year. Limits for physical therapy, occupational therapy and speech therapy do not apply to Autism Spectrum Disorder Treatment. Home Health Care
No copay Limited to 100 visits per year. One visit equals up to four hours of skilled care services. This visit limit does not include any service which is billed only for the administration of intravenous infusion. Lab, X-Ray and Diagnostic - Outpatient - Lab Testing
No copay
50%* For Designated Network Benefits, laboratory services must be received from a Designated Diagnostic Provider. Network Benefits include laboratory services received from a Network provider that is not a Designated Diagnostic Provider. Lab, X-Ray and Diagnostic - Outpatient - X-Ray and other Diagnostic Testing $50 copay No cost for screening and diagnostic if within Federal and/or State regulations for mammograms, breast ultrasounds, breast tomosynthesis, and breast MRIs. Major Diagnostic and Imaging - Outpatient
No copay* No cost for screening and diagnostic if within Federal and/or State regulations for mammograms, breast ultrasounds, breast tomosynthesis, and breast MRIs. You may have to pay an extra copay, deductible or coinsurance for physician fees or pharmaceutical products. Physician Fees for Surgical and Medical Services
No copay* Rehabilitation Services - Outpatient Therapy and Manipulative Treatment $30 copay Limited to 20 visits of cognitive rehabilitation therapy per year. Limited to 20 visits of manipulative treatments per year. Limited to 30 visits of post-cochlear implant aural therapy per year. Limited to 40 combined visits of physical therapy, occupational therapy and speech therapy per year. Limits for physical therapy, occupational therapy and speech therapy do not apply to Autism Spectrum Disorder Treatment. *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 4 ## Page 5 What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Designated Network
Network Scopic Procedures - Outpatient Diagnostic and Therapeutic
No copay* Diagnostic/therapeutic scopic procedures include, but are not limited to colonoscopy, sigmoidoscopy and endoscopy. Surgery - Outpatient
$500 copay Therapeutic Treatments - Outpatient
No copay* Therapeutic treatments include, but are not limited to dialysis, intravenous chemotherapy, intravenous infusion, medical education services and radiation oncology. Supplies and Services Diabetes Self-Management Items
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided under Durable Medical Equipment (DME), Orthotics and Supplies or in the Prescription Drug Benefits Section. For medically necessary covered insulin and noninsulin drugs, you should pay no more than $25 per prescription up to a 30-
day supply. For medically necessary covered diabetes and diabetic ketoacidosis devices, you should pay no more than $100 per prescription up to a 30-day supply. Diabetes Self-Management and Training/Diabetic Eye Exams/Foot Care The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Durable Medical Equipment (DME), Orthotics and Supplies
No copay* Enteral Nutrition
No copay* Hearing Aids
No copay* Limited to a single purchase per hearing impaired ear every 24 months. Repair and/or replacement of a hearing aid would apply to this limit in the same manner as a purchase. Ostomy Supplies
No copay* Pharmaceutical Products - Outpatient
No copay* This includes medications given at a doctor's office, or in a covered person's home. Prosthetic Devices
No copay* Urinary Catheters
No copay* Pregnancy Pregnancy - Maternity Services
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided except that an Annual Deductible will not apply for a newborn child whose length of stay in the Hospital is the same as the mother's length of stay. Mental Health Care & Substance Related and Addictive Disorder Services Inpatient
No copay* Intensive Behavioral Therapy (e.g. ABA)
No copay *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 5 ## Page 6 What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Designated Network
Network Other Outpatient Services such as Electro-Convulsive Treatment, Psychological Testing, Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation and Medication Assisted Treatment No copay Other Outpatient Services, including Partial Hospitalization/Day Treatment/High Intensity Outpatient/Intensive Outpatient Programs No copay Outpatient Office Visits
$30 copay There is no cost for 2 wellness exams per year conducted by a licensed mental health professional or primary care provider. Other Services Cellular and Gene Therapy
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Cellular or Gene Therapy services must be received from a Designated Provider. Clinical Trials
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Craniofacial Disorders
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Limited to Covered Persons eighteen years of age or younger when prescribed by a craniofacial team recognized by the American Cleft Palate Craniofacial Association. This does not provide coverage for cosmetic surgery. Dental Services
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Developmental Needs of Children & Youth with Cancer
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Early Intervention Services
No copay Fertility Preservation for Iatrogenic Infertility
No copay* Limited to 1 cycle of fertility preservation for Iatrogenic Infertility per lifetime. Benefit limit will be the same as, and combined with, those stated under Infertility Services. Gender Dysphoria
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided or in the Prescription Drug Benefits Section. Hospice Care
No copay* Infertility Services
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Limited to 2 cycles of IVF, GIFT, ZIFT or low tubal ovum transfer per lifetime. Limited to 3 cycles of intrauterine insemination per lifetime. Limited to 4 cycles of ovulation induction per lifetime. Limited to 2 embryo implantations per cycle of IVF, GIFT, ZIFT or low tubal ovum transfer. Lyme Disease Services
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Coverage for Lyme disease treatment including up to thirty days of intravenous antibiotic therapy and/or sixty days of oral antibiotic therapy. *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 6 ## Page 7 What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Designated Network
Network Medical Foods
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Limited to medically necessary amino acid modified preparations and low protein modified food products for children up to age 12 under the direction of a Physician. Nutritional Counseling
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Covered Health Care Service for illnesses requiring therapeutic dietary monitoring, including the diagnosis of obesity. Pain Management
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Preimplantation Genetic Testing (PGT) and Related Services
No copay* Benefit limits for related services will be the same as, and combined with, those stated under Infertility Services. This limit does not include Preimplantation Genetic Testing (PGT) for the specific genetic disorder. This limit includes Benefits for ovarian stimulation medications provided under the Outpatient Prescription Drug Rider. Reconstructive Procedures
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Telehealth Services
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Temporomandibular Joint Services
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Transplantation Services
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Wigs
No copay* Limited to 1 wig per year. The limit applies when hair loss is the result of chemotherapy or radiation therapy. Wound Care Supplies
No copay* Limited to wound care supplies for the treatment of epidermolysis bullosa as described in the Certificate. Pediatric Services - Dental All Pediatric Dental - Benefits covered up to age 26 Additional limits may apply. Refer to your plan documents for more information. Basic Dental Services
20%* Diagnostic Services
No copay Limited to 1 time every 36 months for Panoramic x-rays. Limited to 2 evaluations (checkup exams) every 12 months. Limited to 2 series of films every 12 months of Bitewing x-rays. Major Restorative Services
50%* *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 7 ## Page 8 What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Designated Network
Network Medically Necessary Orthodontics 50%* All orthodontic treatment must be prior authorized. Preventive Services
No copay Limited to 2 dental prophylaxis cleanings and fluoride treatments every 12 months. Pediatric Services - Vision All Pediatric Vision - Benefits Covered up to age 26 Contact Lenses/Necessary Contact Lenses
50% Limited to 1 fitting and evaluation every 12 months. Limited to a 12 month supply. We will pay benefits for only one vision care service. You may choose either eyeglasses (eyeglass lenses and/or eyeglass frames) or contact lenses. Eyeglass Frames Eyeglass frames with a retail cost below $130
50% Eyeglass frames with a retail cost between $130-$160
50% Eyeglass frames with a retail cost between $160-$200
50% Eyeglass frames with a retail cost between $200-$250
50% Eyeglass frames with a retail cost greater than $250
50% Limited to once every 12 months. Eyeglass Lenses
50% Limited to once every 12 months. Lens Extras
No copay Limited to once every 12 months. Coverage includes polycarbonate lenses and standard scratch-resistant coating. Low Vision Testing
No copay Limited to once every 24 months. Low Vision Therapy
25% Limited to once every 24 months. Routine Vision Exam
$30 copay Limited to once every 12 months. *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 8 ## Page 9 Pharmacy Benefits ** Only certain Prescription Drug Products are available through mail order; please visit myuhc.com or call Customer Care at the telephone number on the back of your ID card for more information. You will be charged a
retail Copayment and/or Coinsurance for 31 days or 2 times for 60 days based on the number of days supply dispensed for any Prescription Order or Refills sent to the mail order pharmacy. To maximize your Benefit, ask
your Physician to write your Prescription Order or Refill for a 90-day supply, with refills when appropriate, rather than a 30-day supply with three refills.
Your Copayment and/or Coinsurance is determined by the tier to which the Prescription Drug List (PDL) Management Committee has assigned the Prescription Drug Product. All Prescription Drug Products on the
Prescription Drug List are assigned to Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3 or Tier 4.
If you are a member, you can find individualized information on your benefit coverage, determine tier status, check the status of claims and search for network pharmacies by logging into your account on myuhc.com or
calling the Customer Care number on your ID card. If you are not a member, you can view prescription information at welcometouhc.com > Benefits > Pharmacy Benefits. Pharmacy Plan Details Pharmacy Network
National Prescription Drug List
Custom Advantage (state mandated) In Network Annual Pharmacy Deductible Individual
You do not have to pay a pharmacy deductible Family
You do not have to pay a pharmacy deductible Up to a 31-day supply
Up to a 90-day supply Prescription Drug Product Tier Level Retail and Specialty Pharmacy Network Retail Non-preferred Specialty Network Pharmacy In-Network Mail Order Pharmacy** Tier 1 $
$10
$10
$25 Tier 2 $$
$60
$60
$150 Tier 3 $$$ 50% however you will not pay more than $500 50% however you will not pay more than $500 50% however you will not pay more than $1,250 Tier 4 $$$$ 50% however you will not pay more than $750 50% however you will not pay more than $750 50% however you will not pay more than $1,875 9 ## Page 10 Here s an example of how the plan s costs come into play. More ways to help manage your health plan and stay in the loop. Search the network to find doctors.
You can go to providers in and out of our network but when
you stay in network, you ll likely pay less for care. To get started: . Go to welcometouhc.com > Benefits > Find a Doctor or Facility. . Choose Search for a health plan. . Choose Choice to view providers in the health plan s network. Manage your meds.
Look up your prescriptions using the Prescription Drug List (PDL).
It places medications in tiers that represent what you ll pay, which
may make it easier for you and your doctor to find options to help
you save money. . Go to welcometouhc.com > Benefits > Pharmacy Benefits. . Select Advantage to view the medications that are covered under your plan. Access your plan online.
With myuhc.com , you ve got a personalized health hub to help
you find a doctor, manage your claims, estimate costs and more. Get on-the-go access.
When you re out and about, the UnitedHealthcare app puts your
health plan at your fingertips. Download to find nearby care, video
chat with a doctor 24/7, access your health plan ID card and more. 10