## Page 1 This Benefit Summary is to highlight your Benefits. Don t use this document to understand your exact coverage. If this Benefit Summary conflicts
with the Certificate of Coverage (COC), Schedule of Benefits, Riders, and/or Amendments, those documents govern. Review your COC for an exact
description of the services and supplies that are and are not covered, those which are excluded or limited, and other terms and conditions of
coverage. UnitedHealthcare
|
California
|
Select Plus
|
DKSZ
|
J70
Select Plus plan details, all in one place. Use this benefit summary to learn more about this plan s benefits, ways you can get help managing costs and how you may get more out of this health plan. Check out what s included in the plan
Select Plus Network coverage only
You can usually save money when you receive care for covered health care services from
network providers. Network and out-of-network benefits
You may receive care and services from network and out-of-network providers and
facilities but staying in the network can help lower your costs. Primary care physician (PCP) required
With this plan, you need to select a PCP the doctor who plays a key role in helping
manage your care. Each enrolled person on your plan will need to choose a PCP. Referrals required
You ll need referrals from your PCP before seeing a specialist or getting certain health
care services. Preventive care covered at 100%
There is no additional cost to you for seeing a network provider for preventive care. Pharmacy benefits
With this plan, you have coverage that helps pay for prescription drugs and medications. Tier 1 providers
Using Tier 1 providers may bring you the greatest value from your health care benefits.
These PCPs and medical specialists meet national standard benchmarks for quality care
and cost savings. Freestanding centers
You may pay less when you use certain freestanding centers health care facilities that
do not bill for services as part of a hospital, such as MRI or surgery centers. Health savings account (HSA)
With an HSA, you ve got a personal bank account that lets you put money aside, tax-free.
Use it to save and pay for qualified medical expenses. 1 ## Page 2 Here's a more in-depth look at how Select Plus works. Medical Benefits In Network
Out-of-Network Annual Medical Deductible Individual
$500
$1,500 Family
$1,000
$3,000 All individual deductible amounts will count toward the family deductible, but an individual will not have to pay more than the individual deductible amount. You're responsible for paying 100% of your medical expenses until you reach your deductible. For certain covered services, you may be required to pay a fixed dollar amount - your copay. Annual Out-of-Pocket Limit Individual
$3,500
$10,500 Family
$7,000
$21,000 All individual out-of-pocket maximum amounts will count toward the family out-of-pocket maximum, but an individual will not have to pay more than the individual out-of-pocket maximum amount. Once you ve met your deductible, you start sharing costs with your plan - coinsurance. You continue paying a portion of the expense until you reach your out-of-
pocket limit. From there, your plan pays 100% of allowed amounts for the rest of the plan year. What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Network
Out-of-Network Preventive Care Services Preventive Care Services
No copay
Not covered Certain preventive care services are provided as specified by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA), with no cost-sharing to you. These services are based on your age, gender and other health factors. UnitedHealthcare also covers other routine services that may require a copay, co-insurance or deductible. Includes services such as Routine Wellness Checkups, Immunizations, Breast Pumps, Mammography and Colorectal Cancer Screenings. Office Services - Sickness & Injury Primary Care Physician
$15 copay
50%* Telehealth is covered at the same cost share as in the office. Specialist
$30 copay
50%* Telehealth is covered at the same cost share as in the office. Urgent Care Center Services
$50 copay
50%* Virtual Care Services
No copay
Not covered Benefits are available only when services are delivered through a Designated Virtual Network Provider for 24/7 Virtual Visit services only. You can find a 24/7 Virtual Visit Provider by contacting us at myuhc.com or the telephone number on your ID card. Access to 24/7 Virtual Visits and prescription services may not be available in all states or for all groups. *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 2 ## Page 3 What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Network
Out-of-Network Vision Exams
$15 copay
Not covered Limited to 1 exam every 24 months. Find a listing of UnitedHealthcare Vision Network Providers at myuhcvision.com. Emergency Care Ambulance Services - Emergency Ambulance Air Ambulance
20%*
20%* Ground Ambulance
20%*
20%* Ambulance Services - Non-Emergency Ambulance Air Ambulance
20%*
20%* Ground Ambulance
20%*
50%* Dental Services - Accident Only
20%*
20%* Emergency Health Care Services - Outpatient
20%*
20%* Inpatient Care Congenital Heart Disease (CHD) Surgeries 20%*
50%* Habilitative Services - Inpatient The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Limit will be the same as, and combined with, those stated under Skilled Nursing Facility/Inpatient Rehabilitation Services. Hospital - Inpatient Stay 20%*
50%* Skilled Nursing Facility/Inpatient Rehabilitation Facility Services 20%*
50%* Limited to 100 days per year in a Skilled Nursing Facility. Outpatient Care Habilitative Services - Outpatient
$15 copay
50%* Limits will be the same as, and combined with, those stated under Rehabilitation Services - Outpatient Therapy and Manipulative Treatment. Out-of-Network Benefits are not available for physical therapy, occupational therapy, and Manipulative Treatment. Visit limits are not applied to occupational therapy, physical therapy or speech therapy for the Medically Necessary treatment of a health condition, including Autism Spectrum Disorders. *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 3 ## Page 4 What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Network
Out-of-Network Home Health Care 20%*
50%* Limited to 100 visits per year. Out of Network: Limited to $150 per visit for Allowed Amounts. One visit equals up to four hours of skilled care services. This visit limit does not include any service which is billed only for the administration of intravenous infusion. Lab, X-Ray and Diagnostic - Outpatient - Lab Testing For services provided at a freestanding lab, freestanding diagnostic center or in a physician's office No copay
Not covered For services provided at a hospital-based lab or an outpatient hospital-based diagnostic center 20%
Not covered Lab, X-Ray and Diagnostic - Outpatient - X-Ray and other Diagnostic Testing For services provided at a freestanding lab, freestanding diagnostic center or in a physician's office 20%
50%* For services provided at a hospital-based lab or an outpatient hospital-based diagnostic center 20%
50%* Major Diagnostic and Imaging - Outpatient For services provided at a freestanding diagnostic center or in a physician's office 20%*
50%* For services provided at an outpatient hospital-based diagnostic center 20%*
50%* You may have to pay an extra copay, deductible or coinsurance for physician fees or pharmaceutical products. Physician Fees for Surgical and Medical Services
20%*
50%* Rehabilitation Services - Outpatient Therapy and Manipulative Treatment $15 copay
50%* Limited to 24 visits of manipulative treatments per year. Out-of-Network Benefits are not available for physical therapy, occupational therapy, and Manipulative Treatment. Visit limits are not applied to occupational therapy, physical therapy or speech therapy for the Medically Necessary treatment of a health condition, including Autism Spectrum Disorders. Scopic Procedures - Outpatient Diagnostic and Therapeutic For services provided at a freestanding center or in a physician s office 20%*
50%* For services provided at an outpatient hospital-based center
20%*
50%* Diagnostic/therapeutic scopic procedures include, but are not limited to colonoscopy, sigmoidoscopy and endoscopy. *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 4 ## Page 5 What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Network
Out-of-Network Surgery - Outpatient For services provided at an ambulatory surgical center or in a physician s office 20%*
50%* For services provided at an outpatient hospital-based surgical center 20%*
50%* Out of Network: Limited to $760 per date of service for Allowed Amount of Facility Fees. There is no cost for network vasectomy services or procedures. Therapeutic Treatments - Outpatient 20%*
50%* Out-of-Network Benefits are not available for dialysis services. Therapeutic treatments include, but are not limited to dialysis, intravenous chemotherapy, intravenous infusion, medical education services and radiation oncology. Supplies and Services Diabetes Self-Management Items The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided under Durable Medical Equipment (DME), Orthotics and Supplies or in the Prescription Drug Benefits Section. Diabetes Self-Management and Training/Diabetic Eye Exams/Foot Care The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. For self-management and training, cost sharing will not exceed the costs for Physician office visits. Durable Medical Equipment (DME), Orthotics and Supplies
20%*
Not covered Enteral Nutrition
20%*
50%* Hearing Aids
20%*
50%* Limited to $2,500 per year. Limited to a single purchase per hearing impaired ear every 3 years. Repair and/or replacement of a hearing aid would apply to this limit in the same manner as a purchase. Ostomy Supplies
20%*
Not covered Pharmaceutical Products - Outpatient
20%*
50%* This includes medications given on an outpatient basis in a Hospital, Alternate Facility, doctor s office, or in a covered person s home. Prosthetic Devices 20%*
50%* Limited to a single purchase of each type of prosthetic device every 3 years. Repair and/or replacement of a prosthetic device would apply to this limit in the same manner as a purchase. Urinary Catheters
20%*
Not covered *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 5 ## Page 6 What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Network
Out-of-Network Pregnancy Pregnancy - Maternity Services The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided except that an Annual Deductible will not apply for a newborn child whose length of stay in the Hospital is the same as the mother's length of stay. All maternity items and services that are recommended preventive care and are required to be covered under the Affordable Care act, will be provided without cost share. Please refer to Preventive Care Services. We pay for Covered Health Care Services incurred if you participate in the California Prenatal Screening Program, a statewide prenatal testing program administered by the State Department of Health Services. There is no cost share for this Benefit. Mental Health Care & Substance Related and Addictive Disorder Services Inpatient 20%*
50%* Intensive Behavioral Therapy (e.g. ABA) 10%
50%* Other Outpatient Services, including Partial Hospitalization/Day Treatment/High Intensity Outpatient/Intensive Outpatient Treatment 20%*
50%* Outpatient Office Visits
$15 copay
50%* There is no cost for school site outpatient Mental Health Care and Substance-Related and Addictive Disorders Services. Other Services Abortion and Abortion Related Services
No copay
No copay Acupuncture Services
$15 copay
Not covered Limited to 20 treatments per year. Cellular and Gene Therapy
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Not covered For Network Benefits, Cellular or Gene Therapy services must be received from a Designated Provider. Clinical Trials The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Dental Anesthesia Services 20%*
50%* Limited to Covered Persons who are one of the following: a child under seven years of age; a person who is developmentally disabled, regardless of age; a person whose health is compromised and for whom general anesthesia is required, regardless of age. Emergency Medical Services Provided by a Community Paramedicine Program, a Triage to Alternate Destination Program, and a Mobile Integrated Health Program The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 6 ## Page 7 What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Network
Out-of-Network Emergency Room Medical Care and Follow-up Health Care Treatment for Rape and Sexual Assault All visits for the first nine months after treatment is initiated
No copay
50%* There is no cost for emergency room medical care and follow-
up health care treatment for a Covered Person who is treated following a rape or sexual assault for the first nine months after treatment is initiated. Fertility Preservation for Iatrogenic Infertility 20%*
50%* Limited to $20,000 per Covered Person per lifetime. Limited to $5,000 for Prescription Drug Products per Covered Person. Limited to 1 cycle of fertility preservation for Iatrogenic Infertility per lifetime. Gender Dysphoria
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided or in the Prescription Drug Benefits Section. Limits for voice modification therapy and/or voice lessons will be the same as, and combined with, outpatient speech therapy limits as described under Habilitative Services and Rehabilitation Services Outpatient Therapy and Manipulative Treatment. Home Test Kits for Sexually Transmitted Diseases
No copay
50%* Hospice Care 20%*
50%* Human Milk
20%*
50%* Mastectomy Services The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Obesity - Weight Loss Surgery The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Not covered Limited to 1 procedure per lifetime. For Network Benefits, obesity - weight loss surgery must be received from a Designated Provider. Off-Label Drug Use and Experimental or Investigational Services The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Osteoporosis Services
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Pediatric Autoimmune Neuropsychiatric Disorder Associated with Streptococcal Infections (PANDAS) and Pediatric Acute-
onset Neuropsychiatric Syndrome (PANS) The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Preimplantation Genetic Testing (PGT) and Related Services 20%*
50%* Benefit limits for related services will be the same as those stated under Fertility Preservation for Iatrogenic Infertility. This limit does not include Preimplantation Genetic Testing (PGT) for the specific genetic disorder. This limit includes Benefits for ovarian stimulation medications provided under the Outpatient Prescription Drug Rider. Reconstructive Procedures The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Telehealth Services
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 7 ## Page 8 What You Pay for Services Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Covered Health Care Services Network
Out-of-Network Temporomandibular Joint (TMJ) Services The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Transplantation Services
The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided. Not covered Network Benefits must be received from a Designated Provider. *After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met. Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN. 8 ## Page 9 Pharmacy Benefits * After the Annual Pharmacy Deductible has been met.
** Only certain Prescription Drug Products are available through mail order; please visit myuhc.com or call Customer Care at the telephone number on the back of your ID card for more information. You will be charged a
retail Copayment and/or Coinsurance for 31 days or 2 times for 60 days based on the number of days supply dispensed for any Prescription Order or Refills sent to the mail order pharmacy. To maximize your Benefit, ask
your Physician to write your Prescription Order or Refill for a 90-day supply, with refills when appropriate, rather than a 30-day supply with three refills.
Your Copayment and/or Coinsurance is determined by the tier to which the Prescription Drug List (PDL) Management Committee has assigned the Prescription Drug Product. All Prescription Drug Products on the
Prescription Drug List are assigned to Tier 1, Tier 2 or Tier 3.
If you are a member, you can find individualized information on your benefit coverage, determine tier status, check the status of claims and search for network pharmacies by logging into your account on myuhc.com or
calling the Customer Care number on your ID card. If you are not a member, you can view prescription information at welcometouhc.com > Benefits > Pharmacy Benefits.
For an out-of-network Pharmacy, you may have to pay the difference between the out-of-network reimbursement rate and the pharmacy's usual and customary charge. Pharmacy Plan Details Pharmacy Network
National Prescription Drug List
Advantage In Network and Out of Network Annual Pharmacy Deductible Individual
You do not have to pay a pharmacy deductible Family
You do not have to pay a pharmacy deductible Up to a 31-day supply
Up to a 90-day supply Prescription Drug Product Tier Level
In-Network Retail Pharmacy
Out-of-Network Retail Pharmacy In-Network Mail Order Pharmacy** Tier 1 $
$10
$10
$25 Tier 2 $$
$35
$35
$87.50 Tier 3 $$$
$70
$70
$175 9 ## Page 10 Here s an example of how the plan s costs come into play. More ways to help manage your health plan and stay in the loop. Search the network to find doctors.
You can go to providers in and out of our network but when
you stay in network, you ll likely pay less for care. To get started: . Go to welcometouhc.com > Benefits > Find a Doctor or Facility. . Choose Search for a health plan. . Choose Select Plus to view providers in the health plan s network. Manage your meds.
Look up your prescriptions using the Prescription Drug List (PDL).
It places medications in tiers that represent what you ll pay, which
may make it easier for you and your doctor to find options to help
you save money. . Go to welcometouhc.com > Benefits > Pharmacy Benefits. . Select Advantage to view the medications that are covered under your plan. Access your plan online.
With myuhc.com , you ve got a personalized health hub to help
you find a doctor, manage your claims, estimate costs and more. Get on-the-go access.
When you re out and about, the UnitedHealthcare app puts your
health plan at your fingertips. Download to find nearby care, video
chat with a doctor 24/7, access your health plan ID card and more. 10 ## Page 11 Other important information about your benefits. Medical Exclusions Services your plan generally does NOT cover. It is recommended that you review your COC, Amendments and Riders for an exact description of the
services and supplies that are covered, those which are excluded or limited, and other terms and conditions of coverage. Cosmetic Surgery Dental Care (Adult/Child) Glasses Infertility Treatment Long-Term Care Non-emergency care when traveling outside the U.S. Private-Duty Nursing Routine Foot Care Weight Loss Programs Outpatient Prescription Drug Benefits For Prescription Drug Products dispensed at an In-Network Retail Pharmacy, you are responsible for paying the lowest of the following: 1) The
applicable Copayment and/or Coinsurance; 2) The In- Network Retail Pharmacy Usual and Customary Charge for the Prescription Drug Product;
and 3) The Prescription Drug Charge for that Prescription Drug Product. For Prescription Drug Products from an In-Network Mail Order Pharmacy,
you are responsible for paying the lower of the following: 1) The applicable Copayment and/or Coinsurance; and 2) The Prescription Drug Charge
for that Prescription Drug Product. For an out-of-Network Retail Pharmacy, your reimbursement is based on the Out-of-Network Reimbursement
Rate, and you are responsible for the difference between the Out-of-Network Reimbursement Rate and the out-of-Network Pharmacy s Usual and
Customary Charge. See the Copayment and/or Coinsurance stated in the Benefit Information table for amounts. We will not reimburse you for any non-covered drug
product. For a single Copayment and/or Coinsurance, you may receive a Prescription Drug Product up to the stated supply limit. Some products are subject
to additional supply limits based on criteria that we have developed. Supply limits are subject, from time to time, to our review and change. Specialty Prescription Drug Products supply limits are as written by the provider, up to a consecutive 31-day supply of the Specialty Prescription
Drug Product, unless adjusted based on the drug manufacturer s packaging size, or based on supply limits, or as allowed under the Smart Fill
Program. Supply limits apply to Specialty Prescription Drug Products obtained at a Preferred Specialty Network Pharmacy, a Non-Preferred
Specialty Network Pharmacy, an out-of-Network Pharmacy, a mail order Network Pharmacy or a Designated Pharmacy. Certain Prescription Drug Products for which Benefits are described under the Prescription Drug Rider are subject to step therapy requirements. In
order to receive Benefits for such Prescription Drug Products you must use a different Prescription Drug Product(s) or pharmaceutical product(s) for
which Benefits are provided as described under the Certificate first. You may find out whether a Prescription Drug Product is subject to step therapy
requirements by contacting us at myuhc.com or the telephone number on your ID card. Before certain Prescription Drug Products are dispensed to you, your Physician, your pharmacist or you are required to obtain prior authorization
from us or our designee to determine whether the Prescription Drug Product is in accordance with our approved guidelines and it meets the
definition of a Covered Health Care Service and is not an Experimental or Investigational or Unproven Service. We may also require you to obtain
prior authorization from us or our designee so we can determine whether the Prescription Drug Product, in accordance with our approved
guidelines, was prescribed by a Specialist. If you require certain Prescription Drug Products, we may direct you to a Designated Pharmacy with whom we have an arrangement to provide those
Prescription Drug Products. If you are directed to a Designated Pharmacy and you choose not to obtain your Prescription Drug Product from the Designated
Pharmacy, you will be subject to the Out-of-Network Benefit for that Prescription Drug Product. Certain Preventative Care Medications may be covered at zero costshare. You can get more information by contacting us at myuhc.com or the telephone
number on your ID card. 11 ## Page 12 Benefits are provided for certain Prescription Drug Products dispensed by an In-Network Mail Order Pharmacy or Preferred 90 Day Retail Network
Pharmacy. The Outpatient Prescription Drug Schedule of Benefits will tell you how In-Network Mail Order Pharmacy and Preferred 90 Day Retail
Network Pharmacy supply limits apply. Please contact us at myuhc.com or the telephone number on your ID card to find out if Benefits are
provided for your Prescription Drug Product and for information on how to obtain your Prescription Drug Product through an In-Network Mail Order
Pharmacy or Preferred 90 Day Retail Network Pharmacy. Other important information about your benefits. Pharmacy Exclusions The following exclusions apply. In addition see your Pharmacy Rider and SBN for additional exclusions and limitations that may apply. A Pharmaceutical Product for which Benefits are provided in your Evidence of Coverage. A Prescription Drug Product with either: an approved biosimilar, a biosimilar and Therapeutically Equivalent to another covered Prescription Drug
Product. Any Prescription Drug Product to the extent payment or benefits are provided or available from the local, state or federal government (for
example, Medicare). Any product dispensed for the purpose of appetite suppression or weight loss. This exclusion does not apply to outpatient Prescription Drug
Products prescribed and prior authorized for the Medically Necessary treatment of morbid obesity. Any product for which the primary use is a source of nutrition, nutritional supplements, or dietary management of disease, and prescription
medical food products even when used for the treatment of Sickness or Injury except as required for PKU as described under Enteral Nutrition in
Section 1 of the Evidence of Coverage. Certain New Prescription Drug Products and/or new dosage forms until the date they are reviewed and placed on a tier by our PDL Management
Committee. Certain Prescription Drug Products for which there are Therapeutically Equivalent alternatives available. Certain Prescription Drug Products that are FDA approved as a package with a device or application, including smart package sensors and/or
embedded drug sensors. Certain compounded drugs. Diagnostic kits and products, including associated services. Drugs available over-the-counter. This exclusion does not apply to FDA-approved contraceptive drugs, devices, other products for women,
including all FDA-approved contraceptive drugs, devices, and products available over-the-counter, and products as provided for in comprehensive
guidelines supported by the Health Resources and Services Administration and as required by California law when prescribed by a Network
provider for which Benefits are available, without cost sharing, as described under Preventive Care Services in Section 1: Covered Health Care
Services. This also does not apply to over-the-counter aids and/or drugs used for smoking cessation, or medications that have an A or B
recommendation from the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force (USPSTF) when prescribed by a Network provider for which Benefits are available,
without cost sharing, as described under Preventive Care Services in Section 1: Covered Health Care Services. Drugs which are prescribed, dispensed or intended for use during an Inpatient Stay. Durable Medical Equipment, including certain insulin pumps and related supplies for the management and treatment of diabetes, for which
Benefits are provided in your Evidence of Coverage. Prescribed and non-prescribed outpatient supplies. This does not apply to diabetic supplies
and inhaler spacers specifically stated as covered. Experimental or Investigational or Unproven Services and medications. This exclusion does not apply to Prescription Drug Products described
under Off-Label Drug Use and Experimental or Investigational Services in Section 1 of the Evidence of Coverage. General vitamins, except Prenatal vitamins, vitamins with fluoride, and single entity vitamins when accompanied by a Prescription Order or Refill. Growth hormone for children with familial short stature (short stature based upon heredity and not caused by a diagnosed medical condition). Medications used for cosmetic or convenience purposes. Prescription Drug Products dispensed outside the United States, except as required for Emergency treatment. Prescription Drug Products when prescribed to treat infertility. This exclusion does not apply to Prescription Drug Products prescribed to treat
Iatrogenic Infertility and Preimplantation Genetic Testing (PGT) as described in the Evidence of Coverage. Prescription Drug Products, including New Prescription Drug Products or new dosage forms, that we determine do not meet the definition of a
Covered Health Care Service, unless medically necessary. Publicly available software applications and/or monitors that may be available with or without a Prescription Order or Refill. 12 ## Page 13 ### Table (Page 13) | | |
| --- | --- | UnitedHealthcare does not treat members differently because of sex, age, race, color, disability or national origin. If you think you weren t treated fairly because of your sex, age, race, color, disability or national origin, you can send a complaint to the Civil Rights Coordinator:
Online: UHC_Civil_Rights@uhc.com
Mail: Civil Rights Coordinator UnitedHealthcare Civil Rights Grievance P.O. Box 30608, Salt Lake City, UT 84130
You must send the complaint within 60 days of when you found out about it. A decision will be sent to you within 30 days. If you disagree with the decision, you have 15 days to ask us to look at it again. If you need help with your complaint, please call the toll-free phone number listed on your ID card, TTY 711, Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. You can also file a complaint with the U.S. Dept. of Health and Human Services. Online: https://ocrportal.hhs.gov/ocr/portal/lobby.jsf
Complaint forms are available at: http://www.hhs.gov/ocr/office/file/index.html.
Phone: Toll-free 1-800-368-1019, 1-800-537-7697 (TDD)
Mail: U.S. Dept. of Health and Human Services, 200 Independence Avenue, SW Room 509F, HHH Building Washington, D.C. 20201 We provide free services to help you communicate with us such as letters in others languages or large print. You can also ask for an interpreter. To ask for help, please call the toll-free member phone number listed on your health plan ID card. ATTENTION: If you speak English, language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. Please call the toll-free phone number listed on your identification card. ATENCI N: Si habla espa ol (Spanish), hay servicios de asistencia de idiomas, sin cargo, a su disposici n. Llame al n mero de tel fono gratuito que aparece en su tarjeta de identificaci n. (Chinese) XIN L U : N u qu v n i ti ng Vi t (Vietnamese), qu v s c cung c p d ch v tr gi p v ng n ng mi n ph . Vui l ng g i s i n tho i mi n ph m t sau th h i vi n c a qu v . : (Korean) . . PAALALA: Kung nagsasalita ka ng Tagalog (Tagalog), may makukuha kang mga libreng serbisyo ng tulong sa wika. Pakitawagan ang toll-free na numero ng telepono na nasa iyong identification card. : , (Russian). , . ( : Arabic) . . ATANSYON: Si w pale Krey l ayisyen (Haitian Creole), ou kapab benefisye s vis ki gratis pou ede w nan lang pa w. Tanpri rele nimewo gratis ki sou kat idantifikasyon w. ATTENTION : Si vous parlez fran ais (French), des services d aide linguistique vous sont propos s gratuitement. Veuillez appeler le num ro de t l phone gratuit figurant sur votre carte d identification. UWAGA: Je eli m wisz po polsku (Polish), udost pnili my darmowe us ugi t umacza. Prosimy zadzwoni pod bezp atny numer telefonu podany na karcie identyfikacyjnej. ATEN O: Se voc fala portugu s (Portuguese), contate o servi o de assist ncia de idiomas gratuito. Ligue gratuitamente para o n mero encontrado no seu cart o de identifica o. ATTENZIONE: in caso la lingua parlata sia l italiano (Italian), sono disponibili servizi di assistenza linguistica gratuiti. Per favore chiamate il numero di telefono verde indicato sulla vostra tessera identificativa. ACHTUNG: Falls Sie Deutsch (German) sprechen, stehen Ihnen kostenlos sprachliche Hilfsdienstleistungen zur Verf gung. Bitte rufen Sie die geb hrenfreie Rufnummer auf der R ckseite Ihres Mitgliedsausweises an. (Japanese) )Farsi( : . . : (Hindi) , , : - CEEB TOOM: Yog koj hais Lus Hmoob (Hmong), muaj kev pab txhais lus pub dawb rau koj. Thov hu rau tus xov tooj hu deb dawb uas teev muaj nyob rau ntawm koj daim yuaj cim qhia tus kheej. : (Greek), . . PAKDAAR: Nu saritaem ti Ilocano (Ilocano), ti serbisyo para ti baddang ti lengguahe nga awanan bayadna, ket sidadaan para kenyam. Maidawat nga awagan iti toll-free a numero ti telepono nga nakalista ayan iti identification card mo. D BAA KON N ZIN: Din (Navajo) bizaad bee y ni ti go, saad bee ka an da awo g , t j k eh, bee n ah t i . T sh d ninaaltsoos nit iz bee n hozin g bine d t j k ehgo b sh bee hane bik g bee hod ilnih. OGOW: Haddii aad ku hadasho Soomaali (Somali), adeegyada taageerada luqadda, oo bilaash ah, ayaad heli kartaa. Fadlan wac lambarka telefonka khadka bilaashka ee ku yaalla kaarkaaga aqoonsiga. (Gujarati): : . - . Instagram.com/UnitedHealthcare YouTube.com/UnitedHealthcare Administrative services provided by United HealthCare Services, Inc. and their affiliates. Twitter.com/UHC B2C 9183517.0 11/19 2020 United HealthCare Services, Inc. DBID : 636015 19-12550 Underwritten by UnitedHealthcare Benefits Plan of CA.