## Page 1 1 ^ For the discount to apply your purchase must be made within 12 months of the eye exam. In addition Full-Feature plans offer 30% off additional prescription glasses and
nonprescription sunglasses, including lens options, if purchased on the same day as the eye exam from the same VSP doctor who provided the exam. Benefit includes coverage for glasses or contact lenses, not both. This is only a partial list of vision services. Your certificate of benefits will show exactly what is covered and excluded. Limitless within 12 months of exam.
Network discounts (cosmetic extras, glasses and contact lens
professional service) No discounts
Laser Correction Surgery Discount
Up to 15% off the usual charge or 5%
off promotional price Sample of Covered Services
You pay (after copay if applicable): In-network
Out-of-network Full Feature Network
VSP Network Signature Plan Copay Vision Benefit Summary About Your Benefits: Exams Copay
$ 10 Materials Copay (waived for elective contact lenses)
$ 20 Service Frequencies Exams
Every 12 months Lenses (for glasses or contact lenses) Every 12 months
Frames
Every 24 months Eye Exams
$0
Amount over $50 Single Vision Lenses
$0
Amount over $48 Lined Bifocal Lenses
$0
Amount over $67 Lined Trifocal Lenses
$0
Amount over $86 Lenticular Lenses
$0
Amount over $126 Frames
80% of amount over $150
Amount over $48 Contact Lenses (Elective)
Amount over $150
Amount over $120 Contact Lenses (Medically Necessary)
$0
Amount over $210 Contact Lenses (Evaluation and fitting)
15% off UCR
No discounts Cosmetic Extras
Avg. 30% off retail price
No discounts Glasses (Additional pair of frames and lenses)
20% off retail price^
No discounts The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America, New York, NY ## Page 2 2 Laser surgery is not an insured benefit. The surgery is available at a discounted
fee. The covered person must pay the entire discounted fee. In addition, the
laser surgery discount may not be available in all states. Up to 15% off the usual charge or 5% off promotional price for vision laser
surgery. Members out-of-pocket costs are limited to $1,800 per eye for LASIK
and $1,500 per eye for PRK. Laser Correction Surgery: The services, exclusions and limitations listed above do not constitute a
contract and are a summary only. The Guardian plan documents are the final
arbiter of coverage. Contract #GP-1-VSN-96-VIS et al. Important Information: This policy provides vision care limited benefits health
insurance only. It does not provide basic hospital, basic medical or major
medical insurance as defined by the New York State Insurance Department.
Coverage is limited to those charges that are necessary for a routine vision
examination. Co-pays apply. The plan does not pay for: orthoptics or vision
training and any associated supplemental testing; medical or surgical treatment
of the eye; and eye examination or corrective eyewear required by an
employer as a condition of employment; replacement of lenses and frames
that are furnished under this plan, which are lost or broken (except at normal
intervals when services are otherwise available or a warranty exists). The plan
limits benefits for blended lenses, oversized lenses, photochromic lenses,
tinted lenses, progressive multifocal lenses, coated or laminated lenses, a
frame that exceeds plan allowance, cosmetic lenses; U-V protected lenses and
optional cosmetic processes. ### EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America, New York, NY This document is a summary of the major features of the referenced insurance coverage. It is intended for illustrative
purposes only and does not constitute a contract. The insurance plan documents, including the policy and certificate,
comprise the contract for coverage. The full plan description, including the benefits and all terms, limitations and
exclusions that apply will be contained in your insurance certificate. The plan documents are the final arbiter of coverage.
Coverage terms may vary by state and actual sold plan.