## Page 1 1 Benefit includes coverage for glasses or contact lenses, not both. This is only a partial list of vision services. Your certificate of benefits will show exactly what is covered and excluded. Network discounts (cosmetic extras, glasses and contact lenses.)
Applies to first purchase & courtesy discount from most providers on
subsequent purchases. No discounts
Laser Correction Surgery Discount
Up to 25% off the usual charge or 5%
off promotional price No discounts
Glasses (Additional pair of frames and lenses)
Courtesy discount from most
providers In-network
Out-of-network Eye Exams
$0
Amount over $50 Single Vision Lenses
$0
Amount over $48 Lined Bifocal Lenses
$0
Amount over $67 Lined Trifocal Lenses
$0
Amount over $86 Lenticular Lenses
$0
Amount over $126 Frames
80% of amount over $120*
Amount over $48 Contact Lenses (Elective and conventional)
85% of amount over $120*
Amount over $105 Contact Lenses (Planned replacement and disposable)
85% of amount over $120*
Amount over $105 Contact Lenses (Medically Necessary)
$0
Amount over $210 Cosmetic Extras
Avg. 40-60% off retail price
No discounts Exams Copay
$ 10 Full Feature - Designer Network
Davis Vision Copay Vision Benefit Summary About Your Benefits: Materials Copay (waived for non-formulary elective contact lenses)
$ 20 Sample of Covered Services
You pay (after copay if applicable): Service Frequencies
Exams
Every calendar year
Lenses (for glasses or contact lenses) Every calendar year
Frames Every calendar year The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America, New York, NY ## Page 2 2 Laser surgery is not an insured benefit. The surgery is available at a discounted
fee. The covered person must pay the entire discounted fee. In addition, the
laser surgery discount may not be available in all states. Up to 25% off for vision laser surgery. Laser Correction Surgery: The services, exclusions and limitations listed above do not constitute a contract
and are a summary only. The Guardian plan documents are the final arbiter of
coverage. Contract #GP-1-DAVIS-05-VIS et al. Important Information: This policy provides vision care limited benefits health
insurance only. It does not provide basic hospital, basic medical or major
medical insurance as defined by the New York State Insurance Department.
Coverage is limited to those charges that are necessary for a routine vision
examination. Co-pays apply. The plan does not pay for: orthoptics or vision
training and any associated supplemental testing; medical or surgical treatment
of the eye; and eye examination or corrective eyewear required by an
employer as a condition of employment; replacement of lenses and frames
that are furnished under this plan, which are lost or broken (except at normal
intervals when services are otherwise available or a warranty exists). The plan
limits benefits for blended lenses, oversized lenses, photochromic lenses,
tinted lenses, progressive multifocal lenses, coated or laminated lenses, a
frame that exceeds plan allowance, cosmetic lenses; U-V protected lenses and
optional cosmetic processes. ### EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America, New York, NY This document is a summary of the major features of the referenced insurance coverage. It is intended for illustrative
purposes only and does not constitute a contract. The insurance plan documents, including the policy and certificate,
comprise the contract for coverage. The full plan description, including the benefits and all terms, limitations and
exclusions that apply will be contained in your insurance certificate. The plan documents are the final arbiter of coverage.
Coverage terms may vary by state and actual sold plan. Contact lenses from Davis Vision's Collection are available at most private practice locations with Full Feature and Materials Only plans. Contacts
from the collection are covered infull including fitting and evaluation, in excess of the plan's materials copay. Elective contacts that are not part of the
Collection are covered up to the plan's elective contact lensallowance and the materials copay is waived. *Additional discounts are not available at all private practice locations. Costco, Wal-mart, Sam's Club, glasses.com, and 1800contacts.com do not allow additional discounts. For Davis Vision complete eyeglasses must be purchased at one time from one provider. For example, if a member purchases only lenses, he or she cannot purchase frames in the same benefit period. The member is not eligible for new vision materials until the next benefit period. Only charges for an initial purchase can be used toward the material allowance. Any unused balance remaining after the initial purchase cannot be banked for future use. Extra $50 at Visionworks stores and visionworks.com.